Leites is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Rosalind Osgood is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Florida Senate.[1] She is president and CEO of non-profit Mount Olive Development Corp and served on the Broward County School Board for more than a decade.[2]
Medell�n Sports Coliseum (known in Spanish simply as the Coliseums (Spanish: Los Coliseos) or the Sport Coliseums (Spanish: Los Coliseos Deportivos), is a complex of five sports arenas located in Medell�n, Colombia: the Guillermo Gaviria Correa Coliseum for Martial Arts, the Jorge Valderrama Coliseum for Handball, the Jorge Hugo Giraldo Coliseum for Gymnastics, the Iv�n de Beodut Coliseum for Basketball, and the Yesid Santos Coliseum for Volleyball.[2] It is part of the larger Atanasio Girardot Sports Complex.
Matthew P. Denn (born February 9, 1966) is an American lawyer and politician from New Castle County, Delaware.[1] He served as the 45th attorney general of Delaware from 2015 until 2019. Denn previously served as the 25th lieutenant governor of Delaware from 2009 to 2015, and was the Insurance Commissioner of Delaware from 2005 to 2009. After leaving public office, Denn joined the global law firm DLA Piper as Managing Partner of the firm's Wilmington office.[2]
John Riggs Murdock (September 13, 1826 � November 12, 1913)[1] was the leader of the most Mormon pioneer down-and-back companies in Latter-day Saint history, leading ox-drawn wagon trains that carried both merchandise and passengers "down and back" from Missouri to Utah.[2]
Alena Belyaeva (born February 13, 1992) is a Russian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for BIIK Kazygurt at the Kazakhstani women's football championship.
Mukti is an Indian Bengali language historical period drama original web series streaming on OTT platform ZEE5.[1] It is written and directed by Rohan Ghose.[2] The series has been produced by Pritam Chowdhury under the production house Fatfish Entertainment.[3] This nine-episode web series was released on 26 January 2022.[4] It stars Ritwick Chakraborty, Arjun Chakrabarty and Ditipriya Roy in the lead roles.[5]
Mose Gibson (1883 � September 24, 1920) was an American burglar and serial killer, responsible for the murders of at least seven people in several U.S. states.[1] Although he was convicted of a double murder and killing rancher Roy Trapp, his guilt has come into question, with allegations that his written confession was made up by the authorities.[2]
Sampsel (also spelled Sampsell) is an unincorporated community in Livingston County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
King Peak is the southernmost summit above 11,000 feet (3,400�m) in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County, in northeastern Nevada in the western United States.  To the west is Rattlesnake Canyon, and to the east is Overland Creek Canyon, which drains into the Ruby Valley).  The Ruby Crest National Recreation Trail passes just to the east on its way north from Overland Lake.  The summit is located at  about 29 miles (47�km) southeast of the community of Elko, in the Humboldt National Forest and the Ruby Mountains Wilderness.
Wachsteiner Bach is a small river of Bavaria, Germany. It flows into the Altm�hl near Windsfeld.
Yasmine Dubois, known professionally as Lafawndah, is a singer, songwriter, producer and director.
Baseball Wives is an American reality television series based around the wives and girlfriends of baseball players from various different teams.[1] The series aired on VH1 and is set in Scottsdale, Arizona, which is primarily home to baseball's spring training of the Cactus League. It was confirmed by Baseball Wives cast member Jordana Lenz that the show had been canceled.
Brian A. LaMacchia is a computer security specialist.[1]
The North County News Tribune, formerly the Fullerton News Tribune was once the oldest continuously published independent daily newspaper in Orange County, California. Since a 1992 sale to Freedom Newspapers, its operations have been folded into the Orange County Register. The Register is currently a property of Digital First Media.
Groat Road is a major roadway in Edmonton, Alberta. It is named after Malcolm Groat, a former Hudson's Bay Company employee who settled in the present-day Groat Estates area in the 1880s.[2] Groat Road is part of a 40-kilometre-long (25�mi) continuous roadway that runs through Sherwood Park, Edmonton, and St.�Albert that includes Wye Road, Sherwood Park Freeway, Whyte Avenue, portions of University Avenue and Saskatchewan Drive, and St.�Albert Trail. Groat Road functions as a grade-separated parkway between 87�Avenue and 111�Avenue.[1]
Hazard pictograms form part of the international Globally Harmonized System of Classification and Labelling of Chemicals (GHS). Two sets of pictograms are included within the GHS: one for the labelling of containers and for workplace hazard warnings, and a second for use during the transport of dangerous goods. Either one or the other is chosen, depending on the target audience, but the two are not used together.[1] The two sets of pictograms use the same symbols for the same hazards, although certain symbols are not required for transport pictograms. Transport pictograms come in wider variety of colors and may contain additional information such as a subcategory number.
The Telescopio InfraRosso del Gornergrat (TIRGO), or the Gornergrat Infrared Telescope, was located on the northern tower of the Kulm Hotel at Gornergrat (3,135 metres (10,285�ft) altitude) near Zermatt, Switzerland. It was a 1.5-metre (4.9�ft) Cassegrain telescope with a tip-tilt correcting secondary and optimized for infrared observations, but was decommissioned in March 2005. The telescope and related instrumentation were run by the Istituto di Radioastronomia (IRA - C.N.R.), sezione di Firenze (former CAISMI), with the assistance of the Osservatorio Astrofisico di Arcetri and the Dipartimento di Astronomia e Scienza dello Spazio of the University of Florence.
The Technological University of the Mixteca (Spanish: Universidad Tecnol�gica de la Mixteca) (UTM), is a Mexican public university belonging to the SUNEO (Spanish: Sistema de Universidades Estatales de Oaxaca). UTM is located in Huajuapan de Le�n, Oaxaca, region of La Mixteca, Mexico. Its main areas of focus include: teaching, research, cultural diffusion and economic development.
The Grand Muveran is a mountain of the Bernese Alps, located on the border between the cantons of Vaud and Valais. At 3,051 metres, it is the highest summit of the group lying between the Rhone knee and the Pas de Cheville and the westernmost three-thousander of the Bernese Alps. The closest localities are Les Plans-sur-Bex (municipality of Bex, Vaud) and Ovronnaz (Valais). It is accompanied by the smaller peak of Petit Muveran.
Tras Talleres is one of the forty subbarrios of Santurce, San Juan, Puerto Rico. It comprises the area demarcated by the Luis Mu�oz Rivera Expressway on the south, Calle Cerra on the west, Avenida Las Palmas on the north, and Avenida Roberto H. Todd on the east.
Carolus is the medieval Latin form of the name Charles, notably the name of Charlemagne (742�814).
The 58th Technology and Engineering Emmy Awards was held on January 8, 2007. The National Television Academy announced the winners at The Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas.[1] DIRECTV's Eddy Hartenstein received the Lifetime Achievement Award for his role in the company's becoming a global provider of digital television.
The James M. Shuart Stadium is an 11,929-seat[1] multi-purpose stadium and sports facility, the facility serves as the home to Hofstra's lacrosse teams on the campus of Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. First opened in 1963, and remodeled in 1996 and 2013, it was known as Hofstra Stadium until August 29, 2002, when it was renamed after the former president of Hofstra University, who played lacrosse and football during his undergraduate years at the school.[2][3]  The stadium grounds include James C. Metzger Hall which houses the stadium's press box, luxury suites and the Fried Center for Student-Athlete Development.[4][5]
Copts (Coptic: ⲛⲓⲣⲉⲙⲛ̀ⲭⲏⲙⲓ, romanized: niremənkhēmi; Arabic: الْقِبْط, romanized: al-qibṭ) are a Christian ethnoreligious group indigenous to North Africa[25] who have primarily inhabited the area of modern Egypt and Sudan since antiquity. Most ethnic Copts are Coptic Oriental Orthodox Christians.[26] They are the largest Christian denomination in Egypt and the Middle East,[27] as well as in Sudan[4] and Libya. Copts have historically spoken the Coptic language, a direct descendant of the Demotic Egyptian that was spoken in late antiquity.
The malimbe is a type of xylophone from the Congo[1]  which is described as having both male and female counterparts; the former has 15 wooden bars, the latter has nine.[2] "Malimbe" also refers to a lamellaphone or mbira type instrument amongst the Nyamwezi of Tanzania.[3]
Scott MacLeay (born March 25, 1950) is a Canadian photographer, composer and new media artist. His images, like his music, often deal with juxtapositions of fragmented elements in multilayered environments. He began his career in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, in the later 1970s, moving to Paris in 1979. In 2010 he moved to Florianópolis, Brazil.
The Heaviside layer,[1][2] sometimes called the Kennelly–Heaviside layer,[3][4] named after Arthur E. Kennelly and Oliver Heaviside, is a layer of ionised gas occurring roughly between 90km and 150 km (56 and 93 mi) above the ground — one of several layers in the Earth's ionosphere. It is also known as the E region.  It reflects medium-frequency radio waves.  Because of this reflective layer, radio waves radiated into the sky can return to Earth beyond the horizon.  This "skywave" or "skip" propagation technique has been used since the 1920s for radio communication at long distances, up to transcontinental distances.
Franklin M. McDonald  (1850–unknown) was a soldier in the U.S. Army during the Indian Wars and a recipient of the Medal of Honor for gallantry in defeating Indians who attacked the mail.
DHL Freight is a division of Deutsche Post DHL providing road and rail freight services across Europe, parts of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), North Africa and the Middle East. Together with DHL Global Forwarding (formerly DHL Danzas), it forms Deutsche Post's Freight/Forwarding business division.
Joby Ogwyn (/ˈdʒoʊbi ˈoʊɡwɪn/ JOH-bee OH-gwin; born August 25, 1974) is an American mountain climber, BASE jumper and Wingsuit flyer.[1]
The Historic Derby Street Neighborhood, also known as the Derby Waterfront District in Salem, Massachusetts encompasses a historically significant portion of the waterfront area of the city.  It encompasses properties along Derby Street, which parallels the waterfront, eastward from the Salem Maritime National Historic Site to its junction with Fort Avenue, and includes properties on the side streets between Derby and the waterfront.  In addition to the National Historic Site, it includes the House of Seven Gables, a National Historic Landmark District.[2]
Hayton of Corycus (also Hethum, Het'um, and variants;[1] in Armenian known as  Հեթում Պատմիչ Hetʿowm Patmičʿ "Hethum the Historian" ; c. 1240 – c. 1310/1320[2]) was a medieval Armenian nobleman, monk and historiographer.
Shikano Castle (鹿野城, Shikano jō) was a Muromachi period Japanese castle located in the SHikano neighborhood of the city of  Tottori, Tottori Prefecture,  in the San'in region of western Japan.

Rolf Rendtorff (10 May 1925 – 1 April 2014) was Emeritus Professor of Old Testament at the University of Heidelberg. He has written frequently on the Jewish scriptures and was notable chiefly for his contribution to the debate over the origins of the Pentateuch (the first five books of the Old Testament).
Golur-e Bala (Persian: گلوربالا, also Romanized as Golūr-e Bālā; also known as Golūr)[1] is a village in Kelarabad Rural District, Kelarabad District, Abbasabad County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 462, in 131 families.[2]
María Pujol (died 8 January 1767), also known as La Napa, was a Catalonian alleged witch.[1] [2] [3] She was the last person to be executed for witchcraft in Catalonia and Spain.
Anzor Kavteladze (Georgian: ანზორ ქავთელაძე; born 22 July 1969 in Chiatura) is a professional Georgian football midfielder.[1][2]
Grete Kunz (born 7 April 1908, date of death unknown) was an Austrian fencer. She competed in the women's individual foil event at the 1952 Summer Olympics.[1]
Longfellow is a neighborhood within the larger Longfellow community in Minneapolis, United States. It is bounded by Seward to the North, Cooper to the East, Howe to the South, and Corcoran and East Phillips to the West. It was named after Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, who wrote The Song of Hiawatha. It is populated by a diverse, predominantly middle-class (working class) population. More expensive homes are located closer to the river, and almost all of the housing stock is composed of Sears Modern Homes in the Bungalow style.
Stara Biała [ˈstara ˈbjawa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stara Biała, within Płock County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 9 kilometres (6 mi) north-west of Płock and 102 km (63 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
The Antigua Democratic Labour Party was a political party in Antigua and Barbuda. In the 1960 general elections it received only 66 votes (2.6%) and failed to win a seat.[1] It was part of the Antigua and Barbuda Democratic Movement for the 1965 elections,[2] in which it again failed to win a seat.
The Lithuanian Football Federation (LFF) (Lithuanian: Lietuvos futbolo federacija) is the governing body of football in Lithuania. The Federation is responsible for football development in the country and for the national teams, including the Lithuania national football team. It is based in Vilnius. LFF became a member of FIFA in 1923, but following Lithuania's annexation by the Soviet Union it was disbanded.[1] It became a member again in 1992 after Lithuania regained its independence. The top division is A Lyga.
Josef Lexer is a former Austrian luger who competed in the early 1970s. A natural track luger, he won the gold medal in the men's doubles event at the 1970 FIL European Luge Natural Track Championships in Kapfenberg, Austria.
Chaiyaphum Province Stadium (Thai: สนาม จ.ชัยภูมิ) is a multi-purpose stadium in Chaiyaphum Province, Thailand. It is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home stadium of Chaiyaphum United F.C. The stadium holds 2,564 people.
Vesicular texture is a volcanic rock texture characterized by a rock being pitted with many cavities (known as vesicles) at its surface and inside.
[1] 
This texture is common in aphanitic, or glassy, igneous rocks that have come to the surface of the earth, a process known as extrusion. As magma rises to the surface the pressure on it decreases. When this happens gasses dissolved in the magma are able to come out of solution, forming gas bubbles (the cavities) inside it. When the magma finally reaches the surface as lava and cools, the rock solidifies around the gas bubbles and traps them inside, preserving them as holes filled with gas called vesicles.
[2]
Congenital malformations of the dermatoglyphs are a cutaneous condition divided into four main categories based on the appearance of the dermal ridges of which they are composed: (1) ridge aplasia; (2) ridge hypoplasia; (3) ridge dissociation; and (4) ridges-off-the-end.[1]
Yara Martinez (born August 31, 1979) is an American television actress, born in Puerto Rico, who is  best known for her roles as Kelly in Hollywood Heights and as Dr. Luisa Alver on The CW series Jane the Virgin.
Emil Julius Carl Kessler (20 August 1813 - 16 March 1867) was a German businessman and founder of the Maschinenfabrik Esslingen ('Esslingen Engineering Works').
Ledi Bianku (born 22 February 1971 in Shkodër, Albania) was a judge at the European Court of Human Rights, elected in respect of Albania on 1 February 2008.
The Midland Valley area is a region in Aiken County, South Carolina consisting of the unincorporated communities of Gloverville, Graniteville, Langley, Vaucluse, Warrenville, Graniteville, Bath, as well as the incorporated town of Burnettown[1]
The 2004 European Canoe Slalom Championships took place in Skopje, Macedonia between June 4 and 6, 2004 under the auspices of the European Canoe Association (ECA). It was the 5th edition. The competitors took part in 8 events, but medals were awarded for only 6 of them. The C2 team event and the K1 women's team event only had 4 teams participating. An event must have at least 5 nations taking part in order to count as a medal event.[1]
Omolon is a meteorite fallen in 1981 in the Omolon River basin, Magadan (Russia). It is a pallasite.
EgoPo Classic Theater[1] is a Philadelphia-based nonprofit repertory theater specializing in performing "Classic Theater on the Edge," often producing works of a collaborative nature that incorporates original music, dance, and masks. It was founded in 1991 in San Francisco by Lane Savadove who remains the company's Artistic Director.  EgoPo [2] has staged over two dozen productions and hundreds of performances in Philadelphia, New York, New Orleans, Chicago, Washington D.C., and internationally, in Indonesia and Croatia. A volunteer Board of Directors governs EgoPo. EgoPo is headquartered at 1219 Vine Street, Philadelphia, PA 19107.
Floras Lake is a natural 236-acre (96 ha) body of water on the southern Oregon Coast of the United States. Fed by four small tributaries from a basin of about 10 square miles (26 km2) in Curry County, it lies about 10 miles (16 km) north of Port Orford and 2 miles (3 km) west of U.S. Route 101.[1] It was probably named for Fred Flora, a 19th-century settler and miner who lived nearby.[1][4]
Indecisive
Jinshuihe (Chinese: 锦水河) is a station on Line 3 of the Chengdu Metro in China.[1][2]

Kothali, short for Kothalilitulanda, is a village in Chikkodi taluk Belgaum district of Karnataka, India.[1]
Lajtabánság (Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈlaɪtɒbaːnʃaːɡ]; German: Leitha-Banschaft), or the Banate of Leitha, was a short-lived western Hungarian state in the region where the Austrian federal state of Burgenland now exists. It existed between 4 October and 10 November 1921, following the Treaty of Trianon and the departure of the rump Kingdom of Hungary's army and after the Sopron plebiscite was held in the area according to the Venice protocol.
Paris Foot Gay (abbreviated to PFG) was an amateur, local league football club from Paris, the capital of France. The team was made up of around 30% homosexual players.[when?][citation needed] It was founded in 2003 and dissolved in 2015.
William H. Ahmanson (October 12, 1925 – October 14, 2008)[1] was an American chief executive, philatelist and philanthropist from Los Angeles, California. He served as the chairman and chief executive officer of H. F. Ahmanson & Co. from 1969 to 1984. He also served as vice chairman of The Ahmanson Foundation.[citation needed]
The Kota Formation is a geological formation in India. The age of the Kota Formation is uncertain; it is commonly considered to date to the Early Jurassic, but some studies have suggested it may extend into the Middle Jurassic or even later. It conformably overlies the Lower Jurassic Upper Dharmaram Formation and is unconformably overlain by the Lower Cretaceous Gangapur Formation. It is split into a Lower Member and Upper Member. The lower member is approximately 100 m thick while the upper member is 490 m thick. Both subunits primarily consist of mudstone and sandstone, but near the base of the upper unit there  is a 20-30 metre thick succession of limestone deposited in a freshwater setting.[1]
South Dakota v. Dole, 483 U.S. 203 (1987), was a case in which the United States Supreme Court considered the limitations that the Constitution places on the authority of the United States Congress when Congress uses its authority to influence the individual states in areas of authority normally reserved to the states. The Court upheld the constitutionality of a federal statute that withheld federal funds from states whose legal drinking age did not conform to federal policy.[1]
Brady is a city in McCulloch County, Texas, United States. Brady refers to itself as the "Heart of Texas", as it is the city closest to the geographical center of the state, which is about 15 miles northeast of Brady.[5] Its population was 5,528 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of McCulloch County.[6]
Akeju is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Dave's Texaco is a site on the National Register of Historic Places located in Chinook, Montana.  It was added to the Register on August 16, 1994.  The building was a gas station and has also been known as Dave's Exxon and as Dave's Conoco.  The building is made of stucco on a concrete foundation and with an asphalt roof.
The Renault 20 (R20) and Renault 30 (R30) are two executive cars produced by the French automaker Renault between 1975 and 1984. The most upmarket and expensive Renaults of their time, the two cars were almost identical with regard to sheet metal and mechanicals; the R30 was the larger-engined and more expensive of the two. The two cars were easily distinguished between each other from their differing headlight configuration – the Renault 20 had two single rectangular headlights, whereas the Renault 30 had quadruple round headlights. The interior specifications differed substantially, however, with the Renault 30 having a higher specification in all models. Over 622,000 R20s and 145,000 R30s were produced in Sandouville near Le Havre, France.
Aars Municipality was formed by Kommunalreformen in 1970, which made the parishes into municipalities. Before the Kommunalreformen ("The Municipality Reform") of 2007, it was a municipality (Danish, kommune) in northern Denmark, in the county of North Jutland on the peninsula of Jutland. The municipality covers an area of 223 km2, and had a total population of 13,284 (2005).  Its latest mayor was Knud V. Christensen, a member of the Conservative People's Party (Det Konservative Folkeparti) political party. On January 1, 2007 Aars municipality ceased to exist and was merged with the former Farsø, Løgstør, and Aalestrup municipalities to form the new Vesthimmerland Municipality, with an area of 815 km2 and a total population of 39,176 (2005).
Skołoszów [skɔˈwɔʂuf] (Ukrainian: Сколошів, Skoloshiv) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Radymno, within Jarosław County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine. It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south of Radymno, 15 km (9 mi) south-east of Jarosław, and 59 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Rzeszów.[1]
Fausto Vallejo y Figueroa (born May 17, 1949 in Morelia, Michoacán) is a Mexican lawyer, politician, a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), a and former governor of Michoacán. He has served three times as mayor of Morelia, Michoacán (1994–1995, 2002–2004 and 2008–2011). On June 18, 2014, he announced he was stepping down as governor to take care of his health.[1][2]
The Kiliansteich (literally "St. Kilian's Pond") is one of the oldest reservoirs in Germany. The reservoir is located near Straßberg (Harz) in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt and supplies drinking water. It impounds the Büschengraben stream. The lake is part of the heritage area (Flächendenkmal) of the Lower Harz Pond and Ditch System.
Operation Vigilant Eagle is an American law-enforcement effort headed by the FBI aimed at identifying and preventing violence from white supremacists and "militia/sovereign-citizen extremist groups".[1] The operation was first mentioned in the Wall Street Journal in April 2009.[2]
The Kosair Shrine Circus is an annual Shrine circus held in Louisville, Kentucky, done for the Kosair Charities of the Oasis of Louisville Kosair Shrine, a group of Freemasonry that stress fun and fellowship. The first circus was held in 1925.
Agarzya (Russian: Агарзя) is a rural locality (a village) in Chernushinsky District, Perm Krai, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2010.[2] There is 1 street.
The canton of Chabanais is a former administrative division in central France. It had 7,885 inhabitants (2012).[1] It was disbanded following the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. It consisted of 11 communes,[1] which joined the canton of Charente-Vienne in 2015:[2]
The 2014–15 season was Società Sportiva Lazio's 115th season since their founding and the club's 27th consecutive season in the topflight of Italian football.
Rebecca Dickinson (July 25, 1738 – December 31, 1815)[1] was an American gownmaker who lived during the mid-to-late eighteenth century and the early nineteenth century.[2] She is significant as the author of a journal in which she writes about her life as an artisan in the context of a woman actively engaging in the economy[3] and a Calvinist in New England in the years following the Revolutionary War (1787-1802). Throughout her life, Dickinson chose to live as a single woman in Hatfield, Massachusetts, sustaining herself through her trade.[4]  Her surviving journal documents her struggle to understand her singlehood in the context of her faith.[5] Her diary also allows a glimpse into the lives of people, especially women, living through extremely influential historical events.[5]
Soft Space is the second album by keyboardist Jeff Lorber as leader of his band The Jeff Lorber Fusion. Released in 1978, this album featured special guest artists,  Chick Corea and Joe Farrell. This was the group's last effort for Inner City Records before moving on to Arista Records the following year.


The following is a list of living New Zealanders who have been appointed dames or knights.
The IA-32 Execution Layer (IA-32 EL) is a software emulator in the form of a software driver that improves performance of 32-bit applications running on 64-bit Intel Itanium-based systems, particularly those running Linux and Windows Server 2003 (it is included in Windows Server 2003 SP1 and later[1] and in most Linux distributions for Itanium). The IA-32 EL bypasses the slow x86 hardware emulation which is available on pre-Montecito Itanium models.
John Francis Hayes (August 5, 1904 – November 1980) was a Canadian writer. He is known best for ten children's historical novels. Among them, A Land Divided and Rebels Ride at Night won the Governor General's Award for Juvenile Fiction as the year's best Canadian works of 1951 and 1953.[2] Another, The Dangerous Cove (1957), won the Canada Library Association Book of the Year for Children Award in 1959. For his body of work he was named the second recipient of the Vicky Metcalf Award, in 1964.
OSMECON is an undergraduate medical conference hosted annually by Osmania Medical College and its associated hospitals in Hyderabad, India.
Tokyo Star is Miliyah Kato's third studio album. It was released on April 2, 2008 and has since become her second best selling album, peaking in its second week at #4. It produced four singles, My Girl, Love Is..., Lalala / Futurechecka and 19 Memories.
Belka (Белка, literally, "squirrel", or alternatively "Whitey") and Strelka (Стрелка, "little arrow") are dogs that spent a day in space aboard Korabl-Sputnik 2 (Sputnik 5) on 19 August 1960 before safely returning to Earth. They are the first higher living organisms to survive a trip to outer space. [1]
Mark Steven McLemore (born October 9, 1980) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher who played for the Houston Astros in 2007.
Pittsburgh Technical College (PTC) is a private college in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.  The college, formerly Pittsburgh Technical Institute, opened in 1946 and has since expanded with more than 30 career-focused programs in ten schools.[2] Bachelor's and associate degrees are awarded, in addition to certificate programs.
The Ghosts of Albion Roleplaying Game is a role-playing game published by Eden Studios, Inc. in 2008.
Anatomy of Murder is a 2015 Australian whodunnit - video game and is the debut work of Darren McNamara's company DM Financial Services. According to McNamara, it is the first free-to-play online murder mystery game.[1]
Bierens de Haan is a surname of Dutch origin. People with that name include:
Antoni Martí
DA
Illocska, (German: Illutsch), (Serbian: Илочац, romanized: Iločac) is a village in Baranya county, Hungary. Residents are Magyars, with a minority of Serbs and Danube Swabians. Until the end of World War II, the majority of the inhabitants were Roman Catholic Danube Swabians (Schwowe), their ancestors once came in 1790 from Nagyszékely and Gyönk villages to Illocska.[1] Most of the former German settlers were expelled to allied-occupied Germany and allied-occupied Austria in 1946–1948, as a result of the Potsdam Agreement.[2]
Only a few Germans of Hungary live there, the majority today are the descendants of Hungarians from the Czechoslovak–Hungarian population exchange. They got the houses of the former Danube Swabians Inhabitants.
Niels Sigfred Nebelong (14 October 1806 – 9 October 1871) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style. He was city architect in Copenhagen from 1863 and also designed many lighthouses around Denmark in his capacity as resident architect for the Danish lighthouse authority.[1]
Liudvika Didžiulienė (1856–1925) also known by her pen name Žmona (wife) was a Lithuanian writer and activist during the Lithuanian National Revival. Having published her first story in 1892, she became the first Lithuanian woman writer.


The Loan Council is an Australian Commonwealth-state ministerial council that coordinates public sector borrowing,[1] comprising the Commonwealth of Australia and the states and self-governing territories, New South Wales, Victoria, Queensland, Western Australia, South Australia, Tasmania the Australian Capital Territory, and the Northern Territory. The Loan Council now operates under the Financial Agreement between the Commonwealth, States and Territories of 25 February 1994, which is incorporated as a schedule to the Financial Agreement Act 1994, which came into effect on 1 July 1995. The 1994 arrangements made significant changes to the previous arrangements, the main changes being:
Tiaong, officially the Municipality of Tiaong (Tagalog: Bayan ng Tiaong),  is a 1st class municipality in the province of Quezon, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 106,265 people.[3]
Willy Bo Richardson (born June 8, 1974) is an American artist. Richardson is regarded as one of many contemporary painters revisiting late Modernism.[1]  Describing his paintings as “philosophy in motion,” Richardson paints vertical strokes of color. He exhibits his paintings internationally.[2]
Teegarden is an unincorporated community in Columbiana County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.[1]
Doussoudiana is a village and seat of the commune of Bolo-Fouta in the Cercle of Yanfolila in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.[1]
Antonietti is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Velshi is a weekend morning news program hosted by Ali Velshi on MSNBC. The program debuted on February 15, 2020.[1] The show displaced Up with David Gura and airs from 8 to 10 a.m. on Saturdays and Sundays.[2]
A data control language (DCL) is a syntax similar to a computer programming language used to control access to data stored in a database (authorization). In particular, it is a component of Structured Query Language (SQL). Data Control Language is one of the logical group in SQL Commands. SQL[1] is the standard language for relational database management systems. SQL statements are used to perform tasks such as insert data to a database, delete or update data in a database, or retrieve data from a database.
Polar Towers is a complex of two towers located in Plaza Venezuela, east of Caracas, Venezuela. It is the headquarters of Empresas Polar, and is formed by the east tower and the west tower.
Quest 64 (Holy Magic Century in Europe, Australia and New Zealand, Eltale Monsters (エルテイル モンスターズ, Eruteiru Monsutāzu)[2] in Japan) is a role-playing video game (RPG) developed by Imagineer for the Nintendo 64. It was released in North America in June 1998 by THQ, Europe in September 1998 by Konami and July 1999 by Imagineer. It is the first role-playing video game released for the system in North America.
The Mariner Islands are a group of rocky islands and rocks forming the north-central group of the Highjump Archipelago, bounded by Edisto Channel on the west, Gossard Channel on the south, and Remenchus Glacier on the east. They were mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump, 1946–47, and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names to commemorate the discovery of a large ice-free region at the west end of the Knox Coast by the crew of a Martin PBM Mariner seaplane commanded by D.E. Bunger. During photographic reconnaissance of this coastal area in January 1947, the aircraft landed on one of the inlets indenting the Bunger Hills and ground-level photographs and water samples were obtained at that time.[1]

Peter de Heyno was the Lord of Stenbury, Isle of Wight under Edward III.[1]
Stringer's Ridge Preservation Easement, generally known as Stringer's Ridge, is a 92 acre wilderness park located in North Chattanooga, Tennessee.[1] The ridge overlooks the North Shore, the Tennessee River and downtown Chattanooga. The trail terrain consists of rolling hills and some short steep sections. Though the trail is well-groomed, it does have some tree roots along this single-track trail. Mature oak and hickory trees dominate the ridge. The Tennessee River Gorge Trust, the City of Chattanooga and The Trust for Public Land are involved in preserving and maintaining the area.
Goussainville (French pronunciation: [ɡusɛ̃vil] (listen)) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. In January 2015 it merged with the former commune of Champagne.
PhotoImpression is an image manager by ArcSoft for Mac OS X and Windows. It is often bundled with Epson all-in-one printers. The program's interface on Mac OS X looks exactly like a Windows program.
Sugarcane is the debut EP by Nigerian singer Tiwa Savage. It was released on September 22, 2017, by Mavin Records and 323 Entertainment. The EP features collaborations with producers and guest artists such as Wizkid, Spellz, Baby Fresh, Maleek Berry and P2J. It explores themes of love and was recorded in English and Yoruba.[1] Sugarcane was supported by two singles: "All Over" and "Ma Lo". It was nominated for Best Album of the Year at the 2018 Nigeria Entertainment Awards.[2]
The Type 344 is a multifunctional fire control radar (FCR) developed by the Xian Research Institute of Navigation Technology (西安导航技术研究所)/XRINT/ No. 20th Research Institute.
The Manvelishvili (Georgian: მანველიშვილი) was a Georgian noble family, originally from the province of Guria, and elevated to the princely rank by Vakhtang VI of Kartli, a Georgian king-in-exile in Russia in the 1720s. In 1738, they became the Russian subjects and were recognized as Princes Manvelov (Russian: Манвеловы).[1]
Chris Ratay and Erin Doherty-Ratay are American long-distance motorcyclists. Their 101,322-mile (163,062 km),[1][2] four year circumnavigation of the Earth on BMW F650 and BMW R100PD motorcycles[3] between May 1999 and August 2003[4][5] set a new Guinness World Record for distance ridden by a pair of motorcyclists on two motorcycles.[1][6][7][8]
Lázaro Martínez Despaigne (born November 11, 1962) is a retired Cuban sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres. He was born in La Lisa, Havana.[1]

23°05′N 72°40′E﻿ / ﻿23.083°N 72.667°E﻿ / 23.083; 72.667
Sextus Catius Clementinus Priscillianus (fl. 3rd century AD) was a Roman military officer and senator who was appointed consul in AD 230.
The BMA Tower is a building in Kansas City, Missouri. Also known as One Park Place,  it was built as a 19-story Modern style office building.  Located on a prominent height 3 miles (4.8 km) south of downtown Kansas City, the 280 feet (85 m) building is uniquely visible. The building was planned for the Business Men's Assurance Company of America, an insurance company, on the site of the former St. Joseph's Orphanage. The building was designed by Skidmore, Owings & Merrill with steel-frame construction and clad in a contrasting grid of deeply inset black glass and white marble. It was the first high-rise structure in Kansas City since the building of City Hall in 1936, and opened in 1963.[2]
The 1986 South American U-16 Championship was an international association football tournament held in Peru. The ten national teams involved in the tournament were required to register a squad; only players in these squads were eligible to take part in the tournament.Each player had to have been born after 1 January 1970.
Messamena (also spelled Messaména) is a town and commune in Cameroon.
The Gutian dialect (Eastern Min: 古田話) is a dialect of Eastern Min spoken in Gutian, Ningde in northeastern Fujian province, China.
Manolita Piña Torres-Garcia (née Rubies 24 February 1883 – 11 June 1994) was the Catalan wife of Joaquín Torres García. She was known as "Doña Manolita" in Uruguay.[1] She was considered to be an "inseparable companion" to Torres García,[2] accompanied him to conferences, exhibitions and supported all of his artistic endeavors.[3] In many ways, she was "like his shadow."[3] Founder of the museum, the Museo Torres Garcia in Montevideo.[4]
Thirteen Reasons Why (stylized as TH1RTEEN R3ASONS WHY) is a young adult novel written by Jay Asher in 2007, that follows the story of Hannah Baker, a high school freshman, and the thirteen reasons why she kills herself.[1] Following her death, Hannah leaves behind a series of 7 double-sided cassette tapes detailing the 13 specific people and events that she blames for her demise.[1] Two weeks after her death these cassette tapes are mailed out with directions to pass the tapes on to the next person on the tape.[1] Hannah's life story is conveyed through these tapes, which are narrated by Hannah herself, and through the point of view of Clay, her classmate and the ninth person to receive the tapes.[1] The inspiration behind the main character, Hannah Baker, comes from author Jay Asher's close relative who attempted suicide.[2]
Robert "Jay" Ash, Jr.[1] (born 1961) is an American political figure who served as Massachusetts Secretary of Housing and Economic Development under Governor Charlie Baker from 2015 to 2018. He previously served as City Manager of Chelsea, Massachusetts.
The Diocese of Loreto was a Roman Catholic diocese with see in Loreto, Italy.[1][2]
The 1995–96 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois.
Čačić (pronounced [tʃâtʃitɕ]) is a Croatian and Serbian family name:
Mauricius or Mauritius of Trier (fl. c. 398–407 or after 419) was bishop of Trier from 398/399 to at least 407, and possibly as late as 419.[1][2][3][4]
Asparagus fern is a common name given to several plants in the genus Asparagus. It may refer to:
Terakado Seiken (寺門静軒) (1796 – April 16, 1868) was a Confucian scholar who lived in Japan during the Edo period. He is best known for writing about Tokyo.
"Sommarparty" (English "Summer Party") is a summer song written by Lasse Holm and Ingela "Pling" Forsman, and originally performed by the Herreys at the 1985 Sopot Music Festival Grand Prix, winning the contest.[1] The Herreys also recorded the song on the 1985 album Crazy People,[2] and in English, as "Summerparty", on the 1986 album Herrey's Story[3]
Mathilde Mallinger (Croatian pronunciation: [mǎliŋger]; 17 February 1847 – 19 April 1920) was a famous Croatian lyric soprano opera singer.
The Anglican Diocese of Awori[1] is one of 13 within the Anglican Province of Lagos, itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria.[2] The current bishop is Johnson Akin Atere.[3]
A corn cookie (or maize cookie) is a type of cookie prepared with corn products. In the United States and Indonesia, it is a type of sugar cookie.[citation needed] Rather than wheat flour, which is commonly used in the preparation of cookies, the corn cookie takes its color and flavor from corn products[1] such as cornmeal.[2]
"Little Girl" is a popular song recorded by the California group the Syndicate of Sound, and written by Don Baskin and Bob Gonzalez of the band. It reached the US national pop charts in June 1966, peaking at #5 on Cash Box and #8 on Billboard.
Mabton Junior Senior High School is a public high school located in Mabton, Washington that serves 260 students in grades 9–12. 98% of the students are Hispanic, while 1% are Asian and 1% are white.[2]
Cecilia Canetti (born (1987-01-16)16 January 1987) is a Brazilian former water polo player. She was part of the Brazil women's national water polo team.
Port McNeill Airport (IATA: YMP, TC LID: CAT5) is located 2 nautical miles (3.7 km; 2.3 mi) southeast of Port McNeill, British Columbia, Canada.
The Black EP is an EP by American rock band Interpol, released in August 2003[1] by EMI Records. It includes "Say Hello to the Angels" (taken from their debut album, Turn on the Bright Lights), a demo version of "NYC", and four live recordings from the Black Sessions recorded on French radio station Radio France.
Bazki (Russian: Базки) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Bobrovskoye Rural Settlement, Serafimovichsky District, Volgograd Oblast, Russia. The population was 280 as of 2010.[2] There are 7 streets.[3]
The 2008 Iowa Corn Indy 250 was the eighth round of the 2008 IndyCar Series season. The race was held on June 22, 2008 at the 0.894-mile (1.439 km) Iowa Speedway in Newton, Iowa. At the green flag, Hélio Castroneves took the lead in turn 1 from polesitter Scott Dixon. Tony Kanaan quickly moved up to second position. Over the next 10-15 laps, Castroneves and Kanaan battled back-and-forth for the lead, side-by-side on many laps. Kanaan finally muscled the lead away on lap 16, and gained a lead of roughly one second. On lap 39, Ed Carpenter brushed the outside wall in turn 2. The leaders pit, and Kanaan exited the pits as the leader. On lap 51, the green came back out, and a lap later, Castroneves got by Kanaan for the lead. Jaime Camara brought out the yellow on lap 106 when his car lost power and stopped on the course. After another sequence of pit stops, Kanaan led Dan Wheldon and Marco Andretti. On the restart, Wheldon lost control and slid up the track, falling to 8th place.
General Muir Stephen Fairchild (September 2, 1894 – March 17, 1950) was a United States Air Force officer and the service's second Vice Chief of Staff.[1]
The USENIX Annual Technical Conference (USENIX ATC, or, canonically, USENIX) is a conference of computing professions sponsored by the USENIX association. The conference includes computing tutorials, and a single track technical session for presenting refereed research papers, SIG meetings, and BoFs.
Founded in 1977, the International Society for Prevention of Child Abuse and Neglect (ISPCAN) is a multidisciplinary international organization that aims to prevent and treat child abuse, neglect and exploitation globally.[1] It organizes the International Congress on Child Abuse and Neglect,[2] the largest conference in the world about child abuse.[3]
Jacob Franklin Butcher (May 8, 1936 – July 19, 2017) was an American banker and politician. He built a financial empire in East Tennessee and was the Democratic Party nominee for governor of Tennessee in 1978. He was also the primary promoter of the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee, and lost his business and his personal fortune after he was found to have engaged in bank fraud.
The compound of five cubes is one of the five regular polyhedral compounds. It was first described by Edmund Hess in 1876.
"Chapter 18" is the tenth episode of the second season of the American cable television series Legion, based on the Marvel Comics character David Haller, and connected to the X-Men film series. It is the 18th overall episode of the series and was written by series creator Noah Hawley and co-executive producer Nathaniel Halpern and directed by Dana Gonzales. It originally aired on FX on June 5, 2018.
Renaldo Snipes (born Reenaold Snipes on August 15, 1956) is a retired American professional  boxer, best known for his title championship bout with Larry Holmes.
Rocío Andrea Soto Collao (born 21 September 1993) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a defender for Santiago Morning and the Chile women's national team.
KWJP (89.7 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve the community of Paola, Kansas. The station is owned by United Pentecostal Local Churches, Inc. It airs a Christian radio format.[2]
Prevenge is a 2016 British comedy slasher film written by, directed by and starring Alice Lowe in her directorial debut. The film also stars Kate Dickie, Kayvan Novak, Jo Hartley, Mike Wozniak, Gemma Whelan and Tom Davis. The plot follows a pregnant widow who is convinced her foetus is compelling her to embark on a killing spree as revenge for the death of her husband.
Kirsten Flipkens and Laura Siegemund defeated Viktorija Golubic and Panna Udvardy in the final, 6–4, 7–5 to win the doubles tennis title at the 2023 Hobart International.
drawMD is an application made by Visible Health for clinicians to explain medical conditions, procedures, and anatomy to patients. The app is available on the Apple platform, Android platform, and Web.
Limchungbung (Nepali: लिम्चुङबुङ गाउँपालिका) (earlier:Sunkoshi) is a rural municipality in Udayapur district of Province No. 1 in Nepal. There are 4 rural municipalities in Udayapur district. There are 5 wards in this municipality. According to 2011 census of Nepal, the total population of the municipality is 11,992 and total area is 106.8  km².[1] The headquarter of the municipality is in Baraha
Kusoban (糞盤, Shit Disc) is the third EP by Japanese rock band Maximum the Hormone. 
Zoran Modli (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Модли, 22 April 1948 – 23 February 2020) was a Serbian journalist, radio disc jockey, and aviator. He was one of the most popular Yugoslav radio personalities, running one of the most notable radio shows of the early 1980s in Yugoslavia, Ventilator 202.
Ovalo is an unincorporated community in Taylor County, Texas, United States.[1] Ovalo has a post office with the ZIP code 79541.[2]
Frithjof Wilborn (born 12 November 1961) is a Norwegian footballer and television presenter.
Louis Charles, Duke of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg-Franzhagen (4 June 1684 – 11 October 1707) was a German nobleman and ruler from the House of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg, cadet line of the House of Oldenburg.
Paul Raoult (born 26 November 1944 in Rieux-en-Cambrésis) is a former member of the Senate of France, who represented the Nord department from 1992 to 2011 as a member of the Socialist Party.
The men's discus throw event at the 1967 Pan American Games was held in Winnipeg on 1 August.[1][2]
The historiography of Switzerland is the study of the history of Switzerland. 

Havel's Place is a public art project, which creates a series of memorial places dedicated to the last president of Czechoslovakia and the first president of the Czech Republic, Václav Havel. The installation consists of two garden chairs around a round table, usually with a tree going through its middle. The rim of the table has the Havel Quote 'truth and love shall prevail over lies and hatred' inscribed along its rim. 
Jone Usamate (born 2 April 1962, in Suva) is a Fijian politician, who served as the Minister for  Infrastructure and Meteorological Services from 2014 to 2022 and Minister for Lands and Mineral Resources from 2020 to 2022 in the Fijian government.[1]
Savoy is a musical group from Boulder, now living in Brooklyn, consisting of producer Gray Smith, guitarist Ben Eberdt, and drummer Mike Kelly.[1]
Francium chloride is a radioactive chemical compound with the formula FrCl. It is a salt predicted to be a white solid and is soluble in water. Its properties resemble caesium chloride.[1]
Louis Jacques Balsan (September 16, 1868 – November 4, 1956) was a French aviator and industrialist, born at Châteauroux (Indre) in 1868, who was the second husband of society beauty Consuelo Vanderbilt, Duchess of Marlborough. He married her immediately after her divorce from the 9th Duke of Marlborough in 1921.[1]
Matthias Sention Jr. (also spelled Sension, and later as St. John) (November 20, 1628 – December 1728) was a founding settler of Norwalk, Connecticut.
Dick Adolf Viktor Helander (23 June 1896 – 14 August 1978) was a Swedish bishop in Strängnäs diocese between 1952 and 1953 and a professor. He lost his position as a bishop in the aftermath of the Helander case.
Richard Allen Kulpa (January 12, 1953 – January 3, 2021) was an American cartoonist best known for his work for Cracked and Weekly World News.
Porter Township is a civil township of Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 2,406 at the 2000 census.

John Spenser (1559–1614) was an English academic, president of Corpus Christi College, Oxford.[1]
Adrián de Alesio (also Adrián Alesio) (died 1650) was a Peruvian painter and poet.
The Colonel By Classic is a Canadian rivalry hockey game between the University of Ottawa Gee-Gees and the Carleton University Ravens. The game has been held between men's teams since 2016, with a women's game added in 2018.[1] Both men's teams compete in the East division of Ontario University Athletics and both women's compete in the Réseau du sport étudiant du Québec. The series is the newest of three annual rivalry series between the two schools, both located in the city of Ottawa.
Kurso de Esperanto (English: Course of Esperanto) is a free and open source language course software with 12 units for the constructed language Esperanto. The course is especially dedicated to beginners who will know the basics of Esperanto within two weeks, due to optimized learning exercises.
Marko Ičelić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Ичелић; born 20 January 1979) is a Serbian professional basketball coach for Leotar of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Championship.
Crime on Their Hands is a 1948 short subject directed by Edward Bernds starring American slapstick comedy team The Three Stooges (Moe Howard, Larry Fine and Shemp Howard). It is the 112th entry in the series released by Columbia Pictures starring the comedians, who released 190 shorts for the studio between 1934 and 1959.
My Animal (1998) is the debut album by American rock band Boy Hits Car.
Gayle Coats Fulks (born April 6, 1985)[1][2] is an American women's basketball coach with the Davidson Wildcats.
Cyrus Habib
Democratic
Henry Jones Ford (25 August 1851 – 29 August 1925) was a political scientist, journalist, university professor, and government official. He served as president of the American Political Science Association. He was appointed by Woodrow Wilson as the Banking and Insurance Commissioner of New Jersey in 1912.[1]
Carol Sobieski (March 16, 1939 – November 4, 1990) was an American screenwriter whose work included the scripts for Annie (1982) and Fried Green Tomatoes (1991).
Pargat Diwas, or Valmiki Jayanti, is an annual Indian festival celebrated in particular by the Balmiki religious group, to commemorate the birth of the ancient Indian poet and philosopher Valmiki, who is thought to have lived around 500 BCE.[1] The festival date is determined by the Indian lunar calendar, and falls on the full moon (Purnima) of the month of Ashwin, typically in late September or early October.[2]
Maxie D. Dunnam (1934-) is a United Methodist Church minister, evangelist, Bible commentator and writer. He is a past president of World Methodist Council. He is currently President Emeritus of Asbury Theological Seminary.
The 2009 Liga de Fútbol Profesional Boliviano season was the 33rd of Bolivia's top-flight professional football league. The season was split into two championships—the Apertura and the Clausura—and the Play-off
The 2009 season was the fifth for the DSB Bank–LTO cycling team, which started as DSB Bank in 2005.
The following is a list of players, both past and current, who appeared at least in one game for the Milwaukee Bucks NBA franchise.
Katharina Henot or Henoth (1570 – 19 May 1627) was a German postmaster and an alleged witch, burned at the stake for sorcery in Cologne. She is one of the best-known German victims of the witch hunt, and the best known case in Cologne. She was probably also the first female postmaster in Germany.
The 2020 Barcelona FIA Formula 3 round is a motor racing event held on 15 and 16 August 2020 at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya in Montmeló, Catalonia, Spain. It was the sixth round of the 2020 FIA Formula 3 Championship, and ran in support of the 2020 Spanish Grand Prix.
The Belarusian Federation of Radioamateurs and Radiosportsmen (Belarusian: Беларуская федэрацыя радыёаматараў і радыёспартсменаў) is a national non-profit organization for amateur radio enthusiasts in Belarus.  The organization uses BFRR as its acronym, based on the standard Romanization of the Belarusian name of the organization.  The name of the organization reflects an early purpose of the organization: to support radiosport activities within Belarus.  In addition to High Speed Telegraphy and Amateur Radio Direction Finding, BFRR now supports a wide variety of amateur radio activities. Key membership benefits of BFRR include the sponsorship of amateur radio operating awards and radio contests, and a QSL bureau for those members who regularly communicate with amateur radio operators in other countries.[1]
Saint-Georges-de-Longuepierre (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ ʒɔʁʒ də lɔ̃ɡpjɛʁ]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Dinamo-Samara (Russian: мини-футбольный клуб «Динамо-Самара») is a futsal club based in Samara, Russia. It was founded in 2018.[1][2] Today Dinamo-Samara is competing in the Russian Super League.[3][4][5]
Jeff Thomas (born July 2, 1958)[1] is a Canadian curler from St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. He currently coaches Team Nathan Young.
The Pseudomonas aeruginosa Hol Holin (Hol Holin) Family (TC# 1.E.20) is a group of transporters belonging to the Holin Superfamily III.[1]
Au is a town in the Kankan Region of eastern Guinea, north of the Niger River.
Magazine Street is a major thoroughfare in New Orleans, Louisiana.  Like Tchoupitoulas Street, St. Charles Avenue, and Claiborne Avenue, it follows the curving course of the Mississippi River. The street took its name from an ammunition magazine located in this vicinity during the 18th-century colonial period.
Cheetah was a nightclub located at 1686 Broadway near 53rd Street in Manhattan, New York City. The club opened on May 28, 1966, and closed in the 1970's. The financial backing was provided by Borden Stevenson, son of politician Adlai Stevenson, and Olivier Coquelin.[1] Robert Hilsky and Russell Hilsky were associated with the club.[2]
BU Canis Minoris is a quadruple star system in the equatorial constellation of Canis Minor. It has the Henry Draper Catalogue designation of HD 65241, while BU Canis Minoris is its variable star designation. The system is a challenge to view with the naked eye, having a peak apparent visual magnitude of 6.42.[3] It is located at a distance of approximately 700 light years from the Sun based on parallax,[2] and is drifting further away with a radial velocity of about +34 km/s.[3]
"Perfect Stranger" is a song by the American rock band Cheap Trick, which was released in 2006 as the lead single from their fifteenth studio album Rockford. It was written by Linda Perry, Robin Zander, Rick Nielsen, Tom Petersson and Bun E. Carlos, and produced by Perry.

Arthur Buchheim (1859-1888) was a British mathematician.
Rudnik (Russian: Рудник) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Proletarsky Selsoviet, Altaysky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 75 as of 2013.[2] There are 2 streets.
Seiler und Speer is an Austrian band from Bad Vöslau that formed in 2014. The band is composed of comedian and actor Christopher Seiler and film producer Bernhard Speer.
Commanding General Shree 3 Maharaja Sir Bir Shumsher Jung Bahadur Rana GCSI (10 December 1852 – 5 March 1901) was the 11th[1] Prime Minister of Nepal. He is remembered as a statesman who made reforms and infrastructure improvements. Bir Shamsher Jung Bahadur Rana was known as Kailay in his childhood; this name was given by Jung Bahadur. His mother was daughter of Pahalman Singh Basnyat and sister of Lalitman Singh Basnyat. His mother died at his birth and he was taken care of by Putali Maharani, wife of Jung Bahadur. He spent his childhood at Thapathali Durbar.
HNLMS Van Nes (Dutch: Hr.Ms. Van Nes) is a ship of the Karel Doorman class of multi-purpose frigates of the Royal Netherlands Navy where it used the radio call sign was "PAMI".[1] Built by the shipyard Koninklijke Schelde Groep in Vlissingen. The ship is named after the Dutch Admiral Aert Jansse van Nes. She was sold to the Portuguese Navy where the ship was renamed NRP Bartolomeu Dias.
Klemperer is a German-language occupational surname literally meaning "tinker".  It is suggested that in the case of the conductor's immediate family the original name was Klopper - one who knocks on doors to get people to go to Synagogue - and was later changed to the better sounding Klemperer which rhymes with Emperor.
John W. Ross (1848–1914) was the first licensed architect in Grand Forks, North Dakota.[1]

Lieutenant-Colonel Sir John Macgregor Murray, 1st Baronet (10 April 1745 – 29 June 1822), born John Murray, was a Scottish army officer.
Cynthia Barnhart (born 1959) is an American civil engineer and academic. She previously served as the Chancellor of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology,[2] the first woman to hold that position.[3] Barnhart's work focuses on transportation and operations research, specifically specializing in developing models, optimization methods and decision support systems for large-scale transportation problems. She also is a professor in MIT's Department of Civil and Environmental Engineering, and is an associate dean of the School of Engineering, serving a brief tenure as interim dean of engineering from 2010 to 2011.[4]
Skare or Skarde is a village in Ullensvang municipality in Vestland county, Norway.  The village is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) straight south of the town of Odda and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of the village of Seljestad.  The village sits at the junction of Norwegian National Road 13 and European route E134.  Skare Church is located in the village.[3]
USS Oneida (APA-221) was a Haskell-class attack transport in service with the United States Navy from 1944 to 1946. She was scrapped in 1975.
Meriç Aral (born 17 November 1988[1]) is a Turkish actress. After studying law, she started acting and became known with her role as Hale in Medcezir. She has taken part in various cinema and television productions.
Souhegan Wood Products, or SWP, is a company located in Wilton, New Hampshire, that specializes in the manufacture and distribution of a variety of recycled wood products.
"Spotlight" is the second official single by rapper, Gucci Mane from his studio album The State vs. Radric Davis (2009). The song features a guest appearance by American singer Usher. The single was released on October 19, 2009 and was produced by Polow da Don.[1]
Moon is the ninth album by soprano saxophonist Steve Lacy and was recorded in Rome in 1969 and originally released on the BYG Actuel label featuring five compositions by Lacy performed by Lacy, Italo Toni, Claudo Volonte, Irene Aebi, Marcello Melis and Jacques Thollot.[1][2]

Robert Crompton Fletcher, MA[1] (9 December 1850 – 27 February 1917[2]) was Archdeacon of Blackburn from 1901 to 1916.
The Home Nations Series is a snooker tournament series in the four home nations of the United Kingdom.[1] It began in the 2016–17 snooker season, combining two existing tournaments, the Scottish Open and Welsh Open, with two newly created tournaments, the English Open and Northern Ireland Open.
Hurricane Rick was the second-latest hurricane ever to make landfall in Mexico. The eighteenth named storm, ninth and final hurricane of the 1997 Pacific hurricane season, Rick was a short-lived Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale that weakened before making landfall in Mexico on November 10. It hit almost a month after the more powerful Hurricane Pauline made landfall in the same country. Most of the damage associated with Pauline was exacerbated by the weaker Rick, which struck during rebuilding efforts.
The Cutting Edge is a 1992 American sports-romantic comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and written by Tony Gilroy. The plot is about a wealthy, spoiled figure skater (played by Moira Kelly) who is paired with an injury-sidelined ice hockey player (played by D. B. Sweeney) for Olympic figure skating. Competing at the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville, France, they have a climactic face off against a Soviet pair. It spawned a film series including a number of sequels. The film was primarily shot in Toronto and Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.[2][3]
The Andorran Adapted Sports Federation (Catalan: Federació Andorrana d'esports adaptats, FADEA) is the National Paralympic Committee in Andorra for the Paralympic Games movement. It is a non-profit organisation that selects teams, and raises funds to send Andorran competitors to Paralympic events organised by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC).
Wolfgang Schröder (9 July 1935 - 18 November 2010) was a German historian.   The early decades of his professional career were spent as a member of the East German historical establishment:  the focus of much of his work was on the history of the labour movement.   He nevertheless remained professionally active and made further important contributions through his published work and teaching during the years after reunification.[1][2][3]
Kızık is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Kızılcahamam, Ankara Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 43 (2022).[2]
Karen Furneaux (born December 23, 1976) is a Canadian sprint kayaker who has been competing since 1988. A native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, she won nine medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships. This includes two golds (K-1 200 m: 2001, K-2 200 m: 1998), three silvers (K-1 500 m: 2005, K-2 500 m: 1999, K-4 200 m: 1997), and four bronzes (K-1 200 m: 2005, 2006; K-1 1000 m: 2005, K-1 4 x 200 m: 2009).
Greider is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Buseu is a hamlet located in the municipality of Baix Pallars, in Province of Lleida province, Catalonia, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 1.[2]
The SNCASE SE-400 was a prototype French twin-engined coastal patrol floatplane of the Second World War. A single example was flown, but development was abandoned in May 1940 owing to the German invasion of France.
43°44′4.74″N 7°25′16.8″E﻿ / ﻿43.7346500°N 7.421333°E﻿ / 43.7346500; 7.421333
Cezieni is a commune in Olt County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of three villages: Bondrea, Cezieni and Corlătești.
The canton of Marensin Sud is an administrative division of the Landes department, southwestern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Soustons.[1]
African Energy Chamber (AEC) is an energy advocacy group based in South Africa, founded in 2018 by Nj Ayuk.[1] It is focused on legal issues related to oil and gas in African countries.[2][3][4]
Rimstone, also called gours, is a type of speleothem (cave formation) in the form of a stone dam. Rimstone is made up of calcite and other minerals that build up in cave pools. The formation created, which looks like stairs, often extends into flowstone above or below the original rimstone. Often, rimstone is covered with small, micro-gours on horizontal surfaces. Rimstone basins may form terraces that extend over hundreds of feet, with single basins known up to 200 feet long from Tham Xe Biang Fai in Laos.[1]
Mi amigo Hugo is a Venezuelan television documentary produced by Venezuelan national broadcaster TeleSur and directed by the US-American Oliver Stone, a friend of Hugo Chávez, about the late President after his death.
Chief executive is a term used for head of governmental powers that allows its holder to perform various functions. The term may refer to the title of the position, but many constituencies place this power in a position with a different title (e.g., president or prime minister)
The Legendary C. W. McCall is a greatest hits album released on audio cassette only by country musician C. W. McCall in 1991 (see 1991 in music), on the PolyGram label. It does not contain any songs that cannot be found on the most well-known "best of" releases from McCall, The Best of C. W. McCall and C. W. McCall's Greatest Hits. Several errors were made in the track listing; for instance, "Black Bear Road" was listed as "Black Beer Road", while "Crispy Critters" was given the title "Crispy Critter".
Shielded nuclear radiation containment chambers are commonly referred to as hot cells. The word "hot" refers to radioactivity.
Hot cells are used in both the nuclear-energy and the nuclear-medicines industries.
They are required to protect individuals from radioactive isotopes by providing a safe containment box in which they can control and manipulate the equipment required.

This article is a list of notable people from Madrid, the capital of Spain:
Ten 33 was an American Christian hardcore band, who primarily played a hardcore punk style of music. They came from Richmond, Virginia. The band started making music in 2002 and disbanded in 2006. The band released, a studio album, Emergency! Emergency!, in 2003, with Blood and Ink Records. Their subsequent album, Nightmare on Grace St., was released from Blood and Ink Records, in 2005.
Are You Afraid of the Dark? is a book series that is based on the television series of the same name. This book series was created in 1995. The first book was written by John Peel, who later wrote three more books in the series.
Anggia Shitta Awanda (born 22 May 1994) is an Indonesian badminton player specializing in doubles, affiliated with Jaya Raya Jakarta badminton club.[1] She was the 2011 World Junior girls' doubles silver medallist partnered with Shella Devi Aulia.[2]
The Scottsville Squirrel Barkers were a San Diego-based bluegrass group best known as the band that launched the careers of founding Byrds' member, Chris Hillman and founding Eagles' guitarist-songwriter, Bernie Leadon.[1] The lineup included Hillman on mandolin, future Hearts & Flowers member Larry Murray on Dobro, Ed Douglas on stand-up bass, Gary Carr on guitar, and future Flying Burrito Brothers and Country Gazette member, Kenny Wertz on banjo. Leadon would replace Wertz on banjo when he left the group to join the Air Force in 1963 (Wertz would return the favor by replacing Leadon in the Flying Burrito Brothers when he left that group to start the Eagles in 1971).
Live in Paris+ is a live  CD/DVD album by American R&B/soul singer–songwriter/actress Jill Scott, released in the United States on February 5, 2008 by Hidden Beach Recordings. The release was a two-disc set, containing an audio CD and a DVD. Disc one is a live DVD, featuring two concerts, a concert recorded at the Elysee Montmartre in Paris, France during her 2004 Buzz Tour and the "+" in title refers to a live recorded concert in 2007 at House of Blues in Los Angeles, CA. Disc two is Paris+ audio CD of the concert. Live in Paris+ was certified Gold a month after its release.
Kuancheng Manchu Autonomous County (simplified Chinese: 宽城满族自治县; traditional Chinese: 寬城滿族自治縣; pinyin: Kuānchéng Mǎnzú Zìzhìxiàn; Manchu: ᡴᡠᠸᠠᠨᠴᡝᠩᠮᠠᠨᠵᡠᠪᡝᠶᡝᡩᠠᠰᠠᠩᡤᠠᠰᡳᠶᠠᠨ; [Möllendorff: kuwanceng manju beye dasangga siyan) is a Manchu autonomous county of northeastern Hebei province, China, on the banks of the Luan River, bordering Liaoning to the east. It is under the administration of Chengde City, and as of 2006[update], it had a population of 240,000 residing in an area of 1,933 km2 (746 sq mi).
Kevin Jeon (born September 3, 1993) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a Winger.
Georg Hochgesang (3 November 1897 – 12 June 1988) was a German football forward, who played for 1. FC Nürnberg[2] and Fortuna Düsseldorf, and manager.[3] He also represented the Germany national team, winning six caps and scoring four goals between 1924 and 1927.[4][5]
Manisan is a mountain in Incheon, South Korea. It is situated in Ganghwa County and is the highest peak on Ganghwa Island. Manisan  has an elevation of 469.4 m (1,540 ft).[1] There is a popular hiking trail to the summit; at the summit is Chamseongsdan, an altar where Dangun (the founding father of Korea) performed ritual ceremonies.[2]
Hans Andersen (born 12 March 1939) is a Danish former footballer who played as a midfielder for Køge BK and the Danish national team.[1]
Assistant Principal: Samuel Pena 
Minority (1)
Gladsaxe Stadium (Danish: Gladsaxe Stadion) is a sports center located on Gladsaxevej 200, Søborg, Gladsaxe Municipality, in Copenhagen, which is primarily used for association football matches. The stadium hosts a number of  training courses for running the football, handball and softball and hosts a restaurant.
The ground is the home ground of Akademisk Boldklub and Gladsaxe-Hero Boldklub  (rail size: 68 x 105 meters, and lighting: 700 lux.).
The Association of Consulting Engineering Companies (also known as ACEC - Canada, and formerly the Association of Canadian Engineering Companies) is an association of 600 independent engineering consultancies across Canada.[1]
Jo Yong-suk (Korean pronunciation: [tso.jʌŋ.suk̚]; born September 5, 1988; Korean: 조영숙) is a North Korean sport shooter.[1] She represents the Amnokgang National Defense Sports Team.[2]
In algebraic geometry, the Keel–Mori theorem gives conditions for the existence of the quotient of an algebraic space by a group. The theorem was proved by Sean Keel and Shigefumi Mori (1997).
"UNIO" High School (Romanian: Grupul Școlar Industrial Construcții de Mașini "UNIO") is a public day high school for students aged 14 to 18, established in 1948[1] and located in Satu Mare, Romania.
A lean laboratory is one which is focused on processes, procedures, and infrastructure that deliver results in the most efficient way in terms of cost, speed, or both. Lean laboratory is a management and organization process derived from the concept of lean manufacturing and the Toyota Production System (TPS).[1][2] The goal of a lean laboratory is to reduce resource usage and costs while improving productivity, staff morale, and laboratory-driven outcomes.[1][2]
Timothy Stevens (born 26 March 1989 in Sint-Truiden) is a Belgian cyclist,[1] who currently[when?] rides for Belgian amateur team ODB Cycling Team.[2]
Cambodia competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.[1]
Radostów [raˈdɔstuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Raków, within Kielce County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Raków and 40 km (25 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kielce.[1]
Peski (Russian: Пески) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Peskovskoye Rural Settlement, Petropavlovsky District, Voronezh Oblast, Russia. The population was 1,402 as of 2010.[2] There are 12 streets.[3]
Robert Sampson (March 4, 1925 – December 3, 2006) was a vice president at United Airlines. He was diagnosed with muscular dystrophy at age 5, and used a wheelchair for most of his life.
Outpost 2: Divided Destiny is a real-time strategy computer game developed by Dynamix, released in 1997 by Sierra Entertainment. It reuses and refines some of the concepts from the original Outpost, but there is no direct continuity between the storylines or the gameplay.
The  Woodland Pytchley Hunt is a foxhound pack based in Northamptonshire. The Pytchley Hunt country used to include areas of the Rockingham Forest but was split to form the Woodland Pytchley Hunt.
Othmar Bach (born September 14, 1914, date of death unknown) was a Swiss canoeist who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics. In 1936 he and his partner Werner Zimmermann finished sixth in the K-2 10000 metres competition.
The Cocoon and the Butterfly is a 1914 American silent short drama film directed by Sydney Ayres, starring  William Garwood and Louise Lester.
Zalivnoy (Russian: Заливной) is a rural locality (a selo) in Naumovsky Selsoviet, Sterlitamaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 401 as of 2010.[2] There are 13 streets.
Bulcher is a small, unincorporated community in far northwestern Cooke County, Texas, United States, approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the Oklahoma border.
The Ministry of Energy is the national Ministry of Energy of Mauritania, located in Nouakchott. It is located on the corner of Avenue Gamal Abdel Nasser and the Nouadhibou Highway, near the Grand National Hospital of Mauritania.[1]

Remi Chandran is an environmental policy researcher who developed the Wildlife Enforcement Monitoring System (WEMS) initiative while working with the United Nations University (UNU), Tokyo in 2005.  His idea of building a common information sharing framework (bridging policy makers, enforcement officials, researchers and civil society members) to monitor illegal wildlife crime questioned the current practice of enforcement information sharing which relied on  closed information where participation of scientific experts were discouraged. The first prototype of WEMS was developed in partnership with Asian Conservation Alliance, a network of grass root civil society members from 14 Asian Countries. In 2007, he moved to United Nations University – International Institute for Software Technology based in Macao as a Senior Researcher where he re-constituted the project to the needs of government agencies. The success of WEMS however had to wait until 2011 when Lusaka Agreement finally approved the implementation of Wildlife Enforcement Monitoring System in East Africa.
Raymond Henry Bass (January 15, 1910 – March 10, 1997) was a Rear Admiral in the United States Navy, gymnast and Olympic medalist in the 1932 Summer Olympics.[1] He competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles where he won a gold medal in  rope climbing.[2]
Wolfgang Eder (born 1952) is an Austrian businessman who has been serving as chairman and chief executive officer of Voestalpine AG since 2014. 
La Roque-sur-Cèze (French pronunciation: ​[la ʁɔk syʁ sɛz]; Occitan: La Ròca de Céser) is a commune in the Gard department in the Occitanie region of Southern France. In 2016, it had a population of 187.
Ganso is a village in the Mangodara Department of Comoé Province in south-western Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 756.[1]
The Inverness Yacht Club or IYC is a small pleasure boating club located in Inverness, California, on the western shore of Tomales Bay, in Marin County, California.
Harrah's Philadelphia Casino & Racetrack is a harness racing track and casino (a racino) on the Chester, Pennsylvania waterfront. It is owned by Vici Properties and operated by Caesars Entertainment.
Leonard A. Groshek (June 13, 1913 – January 21, 1988) was an American teacher, farmer, and legislator.
The 1996–97 Hellenic Football League season was the 44th in the history of the Hellenic Football League, a football competition in England.
John W. Turner (born March 23, 1956) is an American judge and politician.
Dimepheptanol (INN; Amidol, Pangerin), also known as methadol or racemethadol, is a synthetic opioid analgesic related to methadone. It has similar effects to other opioids, including analgesia, sedation and euphoria, as well as side effects like itching, nausea and respiratory depression.
Moniro Ravanipour (Persian: منیرو روانی‌پور; born July 24, 1952) is an Iranian-American and internationally acclaimed innovative writer who is the author of ten titles published in Iran, including two collections of short fiction, Kanizu and Satan's Stones, and the novels The Drowned, Heart of Steel, and Gypsy by Fire. Her tales, described as "reminiscent in their fantastic blend of realism, myth, and superstition of writers like Rulfo, Garcia Marquez, even Tutuola," frequently take as their setting the small, remote village in southern Iran where she was born. Nahid Mozaffari, editor of Strange Times, My Dear: The International PEN Anthology of Contemporary Iranian Literature, wrote that Ravanipour "has been successful in the treatment of the complex subjects of tradition and modernity, juxtaposing elements of both, and exposing them in all their contradictions without idealizing either." Ravanipour was among seventeen activists to face trial in Iran for their participation in the 2000 Berlin Conference, accused of taking part in anti-Iran propaganda. Copies of her current work were recently stripped from bookstore shelves in Iran in a countrywide police action. She is a former Brown University International Writers Project Fellow.
Divisions
Hugh of Beirut (died 1254) was the Lord of Beirut, the third of his family, from 1247 and by marriage titular Prince of Galilee. His parents were Balian of Ibelin and Eschiva de Montfaucon, daughter of Walter de Montfaucon and Bourgogne de Lusignan of Cyprus.
Juan Carlos García Sancho Orozco (born 10 November 1994) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Sonora.
2013 Ventforet Kofu season.
Nelson Díaz Marmolejo (12 January 1942 – 4 December 2018) was a Uruguayan football defender who played for Uruguay in the 1966 FIFA World Cup.[1] He also played for C.A. Peñarol.
1元始之初，天主创造天地时，

Albert Frederick "Fritz" Mutti, III (born 13 February 1938) is a retired American bishop of the United Methodist Church, elected in 1992.
Act 1696, or the Flag Act, (Philippine Commission Act № 1696, August 23, 1907) is an act of the Philippine Commission that outlawed the display of Katipunan flags, banners, emblems, or devices in the American-controlled Philippine Islands.[1] Both the current national anthem, Lupang Hinirang, and the present-day Flag of the Philippines, would have been covered by this ban.[2][3]
The Geraneia Tunnel (Greek: Σήραγγα Γεράνεια) is a tunnel on the Athens-Corinth section of the Olympia Odos motorway. Works began in 1999 as part of the construction of the Kakia Skala pass, one of the most dangerous road parts in Greece, with motorway standards. It was one of the first tunnels of the motorway. It was opened to traffic in July 2004,[1] along with the rest of the motorway segment, in time for the Athens Olympics.
Garfunkel is the second compilation album by Art Garfunkel, released in 1988. The album features some of Garfunkel's hit songs. The album also contains the 1974 non-album single A-Side "Second Avenue".[1] The album failed to chart.
The Japan national under-23 football team（Japanese: U-23サッカー日本代表）is a national association football youth team of Japan and is controlled by the Japan Football Association. The team won the gold medal at the 2010 Asian Games and were champions in the 2016 AFC U-23 Championship. Since 1992, it was decided that teams targeting athletes under the age of 23 will participate in the Olympics (additional provisions for overage limits have been added since 1996). Therefore, the name changes to Japan national under-22 football team the year before the Olympics and Japan national under-21 football team two years prior. The exception to this was the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, which was postponed one year, so in 2021, the team was called the Japan national under-24 football team.
Twisted Angel is the fifth studio album by American country pop singer LeAnn Rimes, released in the United States on October 1, 2002 by Curb Records.
Amos Palmer House is a historic farmhouse located in Lower Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania. The original section was built about 1760, and is a two-story, double pile brick structure on a stone foundation.  The house subsequently had four additions: a 2+1⁄2-story, single pile stone structure built about 1810; a 1+1⁄2-story, stone and rubble structure and frame shed roofed kitchen added about 1870; a two-story, frame kitchen addition built about 1900; and a small frame shed dated between about 1940 and 1980.  The house is in the Georgian style.[2]
The Great Gale of 1880 was an intense extratropical cyclone (possibly deeper than 955 millibars (mb) or 28.20") that impacted the Northwest United States on January 9, 1880.[1][2] Gusts of an estimated 138 miles per hour hit the northwest coast. Buildings, barns, and fences were destroyed. The storm blew a three-masted schooner onto the beach at Coos Bay where it broke in two.[3]
Gurinhém is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Michael L. Tipsord  (born June 20, 1959) is the chairman of the board of  State Farm Insurance in Bloomington, Illinois. Tipsord replaced Edward B. Rust Jr. as chairman on September 1, 2015.[1] State Farm is the 42nd largest company in the United States on the Fortune 500[2] and the country’s largest auto and home insurer.[3][4]
Colegio El Camino[1] Los Cabos, BCS is a bilingual, non profit, non sectarian private school located at the base of Pedregal Cabo San Lucas in Los Cabos, Baja California Sur, Mexico. The headmaster for the school is Mr. Heath Sparrow
Francisco Cabral and Szymon Walków were the defending champions[1] but chose not to defend their title.
Cedarville is an unincorporated community in North Coventry Township in Chester County, Pennsylvania, United States. Originally called Stumptown, in 1878 the Postal Service changed the name of the local post office to Cedarville due to its location in a cedar forest.[2]
Snuff is a type of smokeless tobacco product made from finely ground or pulverized tobacco leaves.[1]
It is snorted or "sniffed" (alternatively sometimes written as "snuffed") into the nasal cavity, delivering a swift hit of nicotine and a lasting flavored scent (especially if flavoring has been blended with the tobacco).[1] Traditionally, it is sniffed or inhaled lightly after a pinch of snuff is either placed onto the back surface of the hand, held pinched between thumb and index finger, or held by a specially made "snuffing" device.
"Eve, the Apple of My Eye" is a single by the Irish indie rock band, Bell X1, taken from the band's second album Music in Mouth.
Gilberto Angelucci Guión (born 7 August 1967) is a retired Venezuelan football goalkeeper.
Peduru Hewage Lionel Premasiri is a Sri Lankan politician. He was a former representative of Galle District in the Parliament of Sri Lanka.[1]
Mägise is a village in Järva Parish, Järva County in northern-central Estonia.[1]
Malakwal Junction railway station (Urdu: ملک وال جنکشن ریلوے اسٹیشن) is located in Malakwal city, Mandi Bahauddin district of Punjab province, Pakistan.[1]
Fabrice Mvemba (born 20 December 1980) is a retired football defender from Congo DR. He last played for Dender EH in Belgium.
U-14 may refer to one of the following German submarines:
The following are the first round picks in the 1981 Major League Baseball draft.[1]
Mu Sagittarii (μ Sagittarii, abbreviated Mu Sgr, μ Sgr) is a multiple star system in the constellation of Sagittarius. The brightest component, designated Mu Sagittarii Aa, is formally named Polis /ˈpɒlɪs/.[11] The system is 3,000 light-years from the Sun and is part of the Sgr OB1 stellar association.

This is a list of Japanese football J3 League transfers in the summer transfer window 2019 by club.
Laura Cunningham Wilson (born October 13, 1939) is an American photographer.  She has completed five books of photography and text: Watt Matthews of Lambshead (1989), Hutterites of Montana (2000), Avedon at Work: In the American West (2003), Grit and Glory: Six-Man Football (2003), and That Day: Pictures in the American West (2015). She is the mother of actors Owen Wilson, Andrew Wilson, and Luke Wilson.
The lasso (or "free form selection") is an editing tool available, with minor variations, in most digital image editing softwares[1] and some specific strategy games. It is often accessed from the standard main menu (in Photoshop,[2] Paint Tool SAI,[3] and GIMP,[4] as common examples), by clicking the icon of a dotted line shaped like a rope lasso, from which the common name arises.
Frederick A. Zautcke was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly during the 1870 and 1876 sessions.[1] A Republican, he represented the 10th District of Milwaukee County, Wisconsin. Zautcke was born on July 25, 1837, in Prussia.[2]

This is a list of wars involving Malawi.
The modern constellation Cepheus lies across one of the quadrants symbolized by the Black Tortoise of the North (北方玄武, Běi Fāng Xuán Wǔ), and Three Enclosures (三垣, Sān Yuán), that divide the sky in traditional Chinese uranography.
Myrna Emile Bustani (Arabic: ميرنا إميل البستاني) (born 20 December 1937) is a Lebanese businesswoman, philanthropist, socialite and former parliamentarian. Daughter of Emile Bustani, she was the first woman to serve in the Lebanese parliament (1963-1964) after she took charge of representing her father's parliament seat upon his death in 1963.[1]
Bustani is a big contributor towards cultural events in Lebanon and a patron of the arts. She is a chairperson of the Al Bustan International Festival in Lebanon.[2]
Li Xingxian (Chinese: 李星贤; born 24 March 2005) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a forward for Guangzhou.
The United Nations Association of Thailand (UNAT) was established in 1953 as a non-profit organization aiming to promote greater knowledge and awareness of works and principles of the United Nations among the general public as well as to provide updated information on its work and contributions to the international community. The association has devoted to the promotion of peace, justice, development and human rights. It also supports cooperation, friendship and understanding among sovereign states as well as the world’s citizens.
Glyn Anderson has designed, programmed, and managed the production of video games starting with the Intellivision console. A musician as well as a programmer, he wrote the cross-platform sound and music driver used on many Activision games between 1989 and 1992, including Ghostbusters II[1] and Lexi-Cross.[2][3]
In Lucian of Samosata's works, Myia (Greek: Μυῖα, translit. Muîa, lit. "fly") is a young girl who fell in love with Endymion and was transformed by the lunar goddess Selene into a fly, a small insect bearing her name.
Fergus Cashin (1924–2005) was a British journalist[1] who wrote mostly theatrical reviews.  He wrote a controversial biography of Mae West, but is also known for the ironic phrase "This one will run and run", which he originally used in a review of a play that quickly closed, and which was subsequently made popular by the satirical magazine Private Eye.[citation needed]
Takht-e Giveh Deran (Persian: تخت گيوه دران, also Romanized as Takht-e Gīveh Derān) is a village in Shalal and Dasht-e Gol Rural District, in the Central District of Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 123, in 21 families.[1]
Elena Dementieva and Janette Husárová were the defending champions, but had different outcomes. Dementieva had to withdraw due to a left foot strain, while Husárová teamed up with Elena Likhovtseva and reached the semifinals.
Darreh Zhaleh-ye Olya (Persian: دره ژاله عليا, also Romanized as Darreh Zhāleh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Darreh Zhāleh-ye Bālā)[1] is a village in Ozgoleh Rural District, Ozgoleh District, Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 20, in 5 families.[2]
Health Communication is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering health communication. It was established in 1989 and is published eight times per year by Taylor & Francis. The editor-in-chief is Teresa L. Thompson (University of Dayton). According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2016 impact factor of 1.464, ranking it 26th out of 79 journals in the category "Communication"[1] and 43rd out of 77 journals in the category "Health Policy & Services".[2]
Roni Syrjälä (born 28 March 1995) is a Finnish handball player who plays for Riihimäen Cocks and the Finnish national team.[1]
Riverview is a census-designated place in Wise County, Virginia, southwest of Coeburn. The population as of the 2010 Census was 782.[1]
3J7Y, 3J9MTripsta S.A. is the parent company of tripsta, airtickets and travelplanet24, online travel agencies that provide transportation services—including airlines, ferry and train - through their websites.[1]
KWRQ (102.3 FM, "Sunny 102.3") is a radio station licensed to serve Clifton, Arizona, United States. The station is owned by Double-R-Communications LLC. It airs a Hot Adult Contemporary music format.[2]
The Roundup (Korean: 범죄도시; RR: Beomjoedosi; lit. Crime City) is a South Korean crime action film series, starring  Ma Dong-seok in the lead role. Each film follows the story of Detective Ma Seok-do (played by Ma Dong-seok) hunting down vicious criminals. The first film The Outlaws directed by Kang Yoon-sung, starring Yoon Kye-sang as the antagonist was released in 2017. The second film titled The Roundup, directed by Lee Sang-yong and Son Suk-ku playing the antagonist was released in 2022. The production of the third film titled The Roundup: No Way Out, directed by Lee Sang-yong, is currently in progress.
Castelflorite is a municipality located in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 128 inhabitants.
Ursuline Campus Schools is a small system of schools located on one, 48-acre (190,000 m2) campus on Lexington Road in Louisville, KY. It consists of five schools:[1]
Sean Graham Davies (born 27 February 1985) is an English semi-professional footballer.
Events from the year 1686 in Sweden
The lute of Pythagoras is a self-similar geometric figure made from a sequence of pentagrams.
Solmania (ソルマニア, Sorumania) is a Japanese noise music project, founded in 1984 by Masahiko Ohno (大野雅彦). He was later joined by Katsumi Sugahara (菅原克己) (ex Outo), who first appears on Trembling Tongues (1995). Ohno is known for making his own experimental electric guitars out of spare parts and using them in his live performances and recordings; the guitars usually take an extremely bizarre form, utilizing unconventional body shapes, extra necks, strings and pickups in unusual places, and various extraneous gadgets such as microphones. Most of their instruments are multi-neck guitars and harp guitars.
Technology and Culture is a quarterly academic journal founded in 1959. It is an official publication of the Society for the History of Technology (SHOT), whose members routinely refer to it as "T&C." Besides scholarly articles and critical essays, the journal publishes reviews of books and museum exhibitions. Occasionally, the journal publishes thematic issues; topics have included patents, gender and technology, and ecology. Technology and Culture has had three past editors-in-chief: Melvin Kranzberg (1959–1981), Robert C. Post (1982–1995), and John M. Staudenmaier (1996–2010). Since 2011 the journal has been edited at the University of Oklahoma by Suzanne Moon. Managing editors have included Joan Mentzer, Joseph M. Schultz, David M. Lucsko, and Peter Soppelsa.
The Hermitage of São Vicente (Portuguese: Ermida de São Vicente) is an early settlement hermitage in the locality of São Vicente, civil parish of Santo António, in the Portuguese municipality of São Roque do Pico, on the Portuguese island of Pico, in the archipelago of the Azores.
Ab Shuri (Persian: ابشوري, also Romanized as Ābshūrī, Āb Shūrī, and Āb Shūrī; also known as Ābshūr)[1] is a village in Sudlaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Quchan County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 516, in 138 families.[2]
Ribose-phosphate diphosphokinase (or phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate synthetase or ribose-phosphate pyrophosphokinase) is an enzyme that converts ribose 5-phosphate into phosphoribosyl pyrophosphate (PRPP).[1][2] It is classified under EC 2.7.6.1.
The Responaut was a quarterly magazine that was "by, for and about respirator-aided and other gadget-aided people".[1] It was first published in December 1963 and ran until 1989.[2]
Doris Debenjak (née Krisch)[1][2] (5 August 1936 – 21 September 2013)[3] was a Slovene and Gottschee German linguist and translator.
The Orderly Departure Program (ODP) was a program to permit immigration of Vietnamese to the United States and to other countries.  It was created in 1979 under the auspices of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). The objective of the ODP was to provide a mechanism for Vietnamese to leave their homeland safely and in an orderly manner to be resettled abroad. Prior to the ODP, tens of thousands of "boat people" were fleeing Vietnam monthly by boat and turning up on the shores of neighboring countries. Under the ODP, from 1980 until 1997, 623,509 Vietnamese were resettled abroad of whom 458,367 went to the United States.   
Dale Charles Buggins (1961–1981) was an Australian stunt motorcyclist who had built a national and international reputation by the age of 20. At 17, Buggins broke a world record previously held by American stuntman Evel Knievel when he jumped 25 cars with a Yamaha dirt bike, in 1978.[1]
Mushahada or Mushahida  (contemplation, witnessing), derived from shuhud to witness, is a concept in Sufism. It is the vision 'of' or 'by' God so that the seeker of God may acquire yaqeen which can neither be inherited nor can it be gained through the intellect. The life of a Sufi or a seeker of God is meaningless without Mushahada because his goal is to remain ever-present in the vision of God.[1] The inverse of Mushahada is Hijab i.e. when the Divine Face is veiled which is considered a punishment for a Sufi. "Divine Love leads to Mushahida (the observation of Divinity) and possesses the Essence of the true mystic knowledge but the intellect has superficial knowledge only".[citation needed]
The United Nations Commission on Human Rights was a functional commission within the overall framework of the United Nations from 1946 until it was replaced by the UN Human Rights Council in 2006. It was a subsidiary body of the UN Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC), which elected members through the mechanism of the United Nations Regional Groups.
The UK Startup Awards, sponsored by NatWest, BlackBerry and Business Link, rewards the most successful business start-ups in the UK and is recognised and respected as such throughout the business community. Judges for 2011 included the entrepreneurs Robert Craven, Lara Morgan and Colin Wilkinson.[1]
The Bogardus social distance scale is a psychological testing scale created by Emory S. Bogardus to empirically measure people's willingness to participate in social contacts of varying degrees of closeness with members of diverse social groups, such as racial and ethnic groups.
2MC3, 4P0P, 4P0Q, 4P0R, 4P0SKong Sizhen (孔四貞; 1641 – after 1681), was a Chinese military commander and princess. 
Marian Orr (born 1970) is an American politician who served as the first female mayor of Cheyenne, Wyoming.[1][2][3]
Wells County Courthouse is a historic courthouse located at Bluffton, Wells County, Indiana.  It was designed by architect George W. Bunting and built in 1889.  It is a two-story, Richardsonian Romanesque style sandstone building topped by a high hipped roof.  It has a gable roofed wing and features a four-level corner clock tower and corner turret.[2]: 2 
43°35′46″N 70°20′10″W﻿ / ﻿43.596°N 70.3361°W﻿ / 43.596; -70.3361
The Smith & Wesson Model 3 is a single-action, cartridge-firing, top-break revolver produced by Smith & Wesson (S&W) from around 1870 to 1915, and was recently again offered as a reproduction by Smith & Wesson and Uberti.
Niles Island (66°26′S 110°24′E﻿ / ﻿66.433°S 110.400°E﻿ / -66.433; 110.400) is a rocky island, 0.2 nautical miles (0.4 km) long, lying close off the south end of Holl Island in the Windmill Islands. First mapped from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump and Operation Windmill in 1947 and 1948. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for G.W. Niles, a member of the U.S. Navy Operation Highjump and U.S. Navy Operation Windmill photographic units which photographed the area in February 1947 and January 1948, respectively.
Indigo Traveller is the brand of New Zealand travel documentary filmmaker Nick Fisher. His travel films are posted to YouTube and features trips to North Korea, Somalia, Venezuela, Ukraine, Yemen, Brazil, Nigeria, Haiti and more. Fisher was 26 in 2018.[1] He is one of the best known travel vloggers in the world.[2] He has about 1.87 million subscribers on his YouTube channel as of May 13, 2023.[3]
The women's 100 metres hurdles event at the 1995 Pan American Games was held at the Estadio Atletico "Justo Roman" on 19 and 21 March.[1][2]
Sheldry P. Osepa is a politician and lawyer from Curaçao who was the first Minister Plenipotentiary of Curaçao.[1] Before this, Osepa was Commissioner of Constitutional Affairs in the island government of Curaçao. When Curaçao attained country status within the Kingdom of the Netherlands on 10 October 2010, Osepa assumed his office as first Minister Plenipotentiary of Curaçao.
The canton of Montagne Basque (Basque Euskal Mendialdea) is an administrative division of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques department, southwestern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Mauléon-Licharre.[1]
"Tell Me Why" is a single by English singer Declan Galbraith and 83,637 other children.
Tavricheskoye (Russian: Таврическое) is an urban locality (a work settlement) and the administrative center of the Tavrichesky District in Omsk Oblast, Russia. Population:  13,141 (2010 Census);[1] 13,222 (2002 Census);[5]
Joe Jimenez (June 10, 1926 – August 11, 2007) was an American professional golfer, best known for winning the 1978 PGA Seniors' Championship.
Želetice is a municipality and village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 500 inhabitants.
Lara Abdallat (born 1981 or 1982)[1][2] is a Jordanian activist, hacker, and former beauty queen.
"That Means a Lot" is a song written mainly by Paul McCartney, and credited to Lennon–McCartney. It was released in 1965 by P.J. Proby. Proby's version reached #24 on the NME chart.[1] Prior to the release by Proby, the Beatles recorded a version that was intended for the Help! film and soundtrack album.[2] The Beatles were dissatisfied with the song and their version was not released until the Anthology 2 CD in 1996.[1]
V.Ships is a ship management company, part of V.Group Holdings Limited which is registered in Monaco but headquartered in London, England; and has over 60 offices in 30 different countries. Its 51% majority shares are owned by the American equity company Advent International.[2]
Brian A. Kuhlman is an American professor of biochemistry and biophysics at the UNC School of Medicine of University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and a Sloan Research Fellow.
Woods Bay is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake County, Montana, United States. The population was 661 at the 2010 census,[3] down from 748 at the 2000 census.
Mita Dam is a gravity dam located in Shimane Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for flood control and water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 2.2 km2. The dam impounds about 4  ha of land when full and can store 391 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1971 and completed in 1978.[1]
Gubernatoropad (Russian: Губернаторопад, lit. 'Governors' fall', also Guberopad)  is a term in Russian political jargon that refers to the mass removal of Russian regional governors from office in a short period of time.[1][2]
Bana Zardeh[1] (Persian: بن زرده) is a village in Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District, Bayravand District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 11 families.[2]
Dill's Tavern, also known as Eichelberger's Tavern and The Logan House, is a historic site located at Dillsburg, Pennsylvania. The Irish settler Matthew Dill began establishing the Monaghan settlement in 1742 which later boasted a wooden tavern or way-station with the same name, productive agricultural yields, and a whiskey still.[2] The 190 acre plantation grew to encompass 650 acres located just south of the Dill's Gap on the northern end of the South Mountain range between what is Cumberland County and York County.[3] Matthew Dill's son James Dill inherited the property after his father's death in 1742 and expanded on his father's business. James Dill's son, John Dill, was transferred 393 acres of the 650 acre plantation in 1784. John Dill later constructed the stone Tavern in 1794 to replace the old tavern that was probably made of wood. John Dill expanded production on the plantation to have a stable for herders and drovers moving livestock, two log barns, a granary, bakehouse, and spring house including improved lodging accommodations for travelers. The property was deeded to Leonard Eichelberger in 1800 that later expanded and tripled the size of the original stone Tavern built by John Dill and continued to run the distillery and tavern as well as his wagon building and wheelwright business on the plantation.[4][5] Today, the Dill's Tavern stands as is a large, 2 1⁄2-story, L-shaped sandstone building in a vernacular Federal style. It was originally built about 1794, with additions made about 1800, 1820, and 1910, and Colonial Revival-style alterations made about 1935. It housed a tavern until 1835, after which it was a private residence and an antiques store.[6]
Ángel Ganivet García (13 December 1865 in Granada, Spain – 29 November 1898 in Riga) was a Spanish writer and diplomat. He was considered a precursor to the Generation of '98.
"Abe Lincoln in Illinois" was an American television play broadcast on NBC on February 5, 1964, as part of the television series, Hallmark Hall of Fame. It was adapted from Robert E. Sherwood's 1938 Pulitzer Prize-winning play. Jason Robards was nominated for an Emmy as outstanding single performance by an actor in a leading role for his portrayal of Lincoln.

Sir William Honywood, 2nd Baronet (ca. 1654 – 8 June 1748) was an English politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1685 to 1695.
GreenLight Laser Therapy[1] uses a laser beam to remove prostate tissue. The laser treatment is delivered through a thin, flexible fiber, which is inserted into the urethra through an instrument called a cystoscope.
Ali Ghzawi (Arabic: علي الغزاوي) is a Jordanian chef.[1][2][3][4][5]
Kiyazibash (Russian: Киязибаш; Bashkir: Киәҙебаш, Kiäźebaş) is a rural locality (a village) in Arslanovsky Selsoviet, Buzdyaksky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 24 as of 2010.[2] There is 1 street.
Orekhov (Russian: Оре́хов) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
Langobardia Minor was the name that, in the Early Middle Ages, was given to the Lombard domains in central and southern Italy, corresponding to the duchies of Spoleto and Benevento. After the conquest of the Lombard kingdom by Charlemagne in 774, it remained under Lombard control.

29°53′21.3″N 97°56′40.4″W﻿ / ﻿29.889250°N 97.944556°W﻿ / 29.889250; -97.944556
Goravena is a village in the Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan.
The Dartmouth Big Green men's basketball program, formerly the Dartmouth Indians, is the intercollegiate men's basketball program of Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire. The program is classified in the NCAA Division I and the team competes in the Ivy League. They play their home games at Leede Arena and are coached by David McLaughlin.
Joy Jones is an American writer and educator, a magna cum laude graduate of the University of Detroit. She spent 12 years as a teacher, trainer, and administrator in the Washington D.C. public school system.[1]  She has written a children's book and her articles have been published by The Washington Post.
United Nations Security Council Resolution 1929, adopted on 9 June 2010, after recalling resolutions 1696 (2006), 1737 (2006), 1747 (2007), 1803 (2008), 1835 (2008) and 1887 (2009) concerning the topics of Iran and non-proliferation, the Council noted that Iran had failed to comply with previous Security Council resolutions concerning its nuclear program and imposed further sanctions on the country.[1]
The Kaw River Railroad (reporting mark KAW) is a Kansas City, Missouri railroad, established in June 2004. Twelve miles of original track served the Kansas City Southern Railroad customers in Kansas City and Union Station. The original KAW was a Kansas City Southern Railway Company property and was the first shortline Watco began operating for KCS, serving customers in the Greater Kansas City area and handling interchanges among the BNSF, KCS, and Union Pacific. The April 2005 expansion was a BNSF property serving customers in Clay County, Missouri, and interchanges with the BNSF at Birmingham, Missouri. The KCTL interchanges with all the Class I railroads serving Kansas City.[1]
Joseph F. Flores (August 12, 1900 – December 18, 1981) was a Guamanian newspaper publisher and politician. Flores was the fourth civilian appointed Governor of Guam, and was the first Chamorro to hold the office. He also founded the island's first locally owned newspaper, the Guam Daily News (later becoming the Pacific Daily News), which was the only local newspaper until 1966.[1] He enjoyed success running many publications before being appointed Governor by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1960. As Governor, Flores pushed for increased self-governance in Guam, resigning in 1961. After his Governorship, Flores founded other businesses and became involved in numerous community organizations. He was a Knight of St. Sylvester.
The Dortan massacre was a massacre in which approximately 35 French civilians [nb 1] were killed by Wehrmacht volunteers in the village of Dortan, Ain during World War II. It was perpetrated by Volunteer Cossack-Stamm-Regiment 5, part of the Freiwilligen-Stamm-Division, in 12–21 July 1944 during Operation Treffenfeld. It was part of a wider German anti-partisan offensive against the French Maquis de l'Ain et du Haut-Jura, which staged a massive uprising in mid-1944 along with other French resistance groups.
Wilder Andrés Medina Tamayo (born 21 February 1981) is a retired Colombian footballer.
Life in Leipzig is a live album by Norwegian pianist Ketil Bjørnstad and guitarist Terje Rypdal recorded in 2005 and released on the ECM label in 2008.[2]
Jesus the Risen Savior School is a De La Salle-supervised school in the Philippines.[1][2]
"Carry Me, Carrie" is the third single by American country rock band Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show, released in 1972.[1] It appeared on the group's second album, Sloppy Seconds.[2]
The Bailin Temple (Chinese: 柏林寺; pinyin: Bǎilín Sì), also known as the "Monastery of the Cypress Grove", is a 14th-century Tibetan Buddhist temple and monastery located in Beijing, China.
The 2011–12 Missouri Mavericks season was the third season of the Central Hockey League (CHL) franchise in Independence, Missouri. On September 17, 2011, the Mavericks announced an affiliation agreement with the Chicago Wolves of the American Hockey League.[2]  On March 23, 2012, the Mavericks clinched a playoff berth with a 5–3 victory against the Bloomington Blaze.[3]  The Mavericks' season ended on April 26, 2012, when they were eliminated in Game 7 of the Turner Cup Conference Finals by the Fort Wayne Komets.[4]
Nguyễn Khang (1919 in Kiến Xương, Thái Bình – 1976 in Hanoi) was a popular Vietnamese communist politician. He was a member of the Standing Committee of the Communist Party of Indochina, Tonkin, Chairman of the Provisional Revolutionary Committee in the North, and General Director of Hanoi during the August revolution in 1945 following the surrender of Japan.[1] Subsequently he was Vietnam's Ambassador to the People's Republic of China.
Kaidō (街道, 'road') were roads in Japan dating from the Edo period. They played important roles in transportation like the Appian Way of ancient Roman roads.  Major examples include the Edo Five Routes, all of which started at Edo (modern-day Tokyo). Minor examples include sub-routes such as the Hokuriku Kaidō and the Nagasaki Kaidō.
Thornton (formerly known as Simmonsville and Lower Simmons Village) is a neighborhood located in the north-west part of Cranston, Rhode Island on the Johnston line and extends into the Johnston side.

Aleksandr Kuzmich Ivanov-Sukharevsky (Russian: Александр Кузьмич Иванов-Сухаревский; born 26 July 1950) is a far-right politician in Russia. He was the leader of the Peoples National Party (NNP).
Richard J. Dumbrill  (Epernay 1947) is a British/French archaeomusicologist and composer.  He is a relativist musicologist who opposes Universalism and Occicentrism theories in his field.[1]
The first season of Undercover premiered on BNT 1 on April 17, 2011 and ended on July 3, 2011.
Renaissance sculpture is understood as a process of recovery of the sculpture of classical antiquity. Sculptors found in the artistic remains and in the discoveries of sites of that bygone era the perfect inspiration for their works. They were also inspired by nature. In this context we must take into account the exception of the Flemish artists in northern Europe, who, in addition to overcoming the figurative style of the Gothic, promoted a Renaissance foreign to the Italian one, especially in the field of painting.[1] The rebirth of antiquity with the abandonment of the medieval, which for Giorgio Vasari "had been a world of Goths",[2] and the recognition of the classics with all their variants and nuances was a phenomenon that developed almost exclusively in Italian Renaissance sculpture. Renaissance art succeeded in interpreting Nature and translating it with freedom and knowledge into a multitude of masterpieces.[3]
BR-459 is a federal highway that connects Poços de Caldas, in Minas Gerais, to Lorena, in the state of São Paulo.[1] Its extension is planned to the municipality of Angra dos Reis, in the state of Rio de Janeiro.[2]
Never Come Undone is an EP by La Dispute and Koji, released on May 3, 2011, by No Sleep Records.[citation needed] This is the second split EP for both bands. The EP has one new song from each band, as well as a reimagining of "Last Blues for Bloody Knuckles" by La Dispute and a cover of Ted Leo and the Pharmacists's "Biomusicology" by Koji. The vinyl press was limited to 2,000 copies; 500 purple and black, 500 purple and 1,000 black.[5]
Blackstone Inc. is an American alternative investment management company based in New York City. Blackstone's private equity business has been one of the largest investors in leveraged buyouts in the last three decades, while its real estate business has actively acquired commercial real estate. Blackstone is also active in credit, infrastructure, hedge funds, insurance, secondaries, and growth equity. As of Q1 2023, the company's total assets under management were approximately US$991 billion, making it the largest alternative investment firm globally.[3]
The Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Louisiana Tech Bulldogs football program in various categories,[1] including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Bulldogs represent Louisiana Tech University in the NCAA's Conference USA (C-USA).
Louis Rémy Sabattier (23 May 1863 – 1935) was a French artist best known for his work for the magazine l'Illustration over a forty-year period.
Adriaan Loosjes (1761, in Texel – 1818, in Haarlem), was a 19th-century botanist,[1] poet, novelist and publisher born in Den Hoorn, North Holland, Netherlands.
The 2022 Chilean Primera División, known as Campeonato PlanVital 2022 for sponsorship purposes,[2] is the 92nd season of the Chilean Primera División, Chile's top-flight football league. The season began on 4 February 2022 and ended on 6 November 2022.[3][4]
C-P-3.com is the fourth studio album by the rapper C-Murder. It was released on October 23, 2001, by TRU Records and Priority Records with production by Rod (Bass Heavy) Tillman Carlos Stephens and Donald XL Robertson. It was C-Murder's first album since leaving No Limit Records.
"My Old Piano" is a song by American R&B singer Diana Ross. It was written and produced by Chic members Nile Rodgers and Bernard Edwards for her self-titled tenth studio album (1980). In it, Ross sings about the joy of playing a piano, describing it as if it were a person. The song was released on September 19, 1980 as the album's third and final single by Motown Records in the United States, and the second single elsewhere. In an accompanying music video, Ross appears performing the song in an apartment with an old piano.[2]
Túnel de la Atlántida (English: Tunnel of Atlantis) is the world's longest known volcanic submarine lava tube located in the Canary Islands off the coast of North Africa. It is the underwater portion of the Cueva de los Verdes lava tube at Haría, Las Palmas. The 5,000-foot (1,500 metre) long tube formed some 20,000 years ago when the Monte Corona volcano erupted on the island of Lanzarote. The erupted molten rock flowed across the land and into the ocean. [1]

Racing Louisville FC is an American soccer club which began play in the National Women's Soccer League in 2021.
Fred Fear & Company was, at one time, the largest seller of pure maple syrup, clam juice, and Easter Egg colors in the United States.  It was founded in 1892, and once operated plants in St. Johnsbury, VT, Brooklyn, NY, and Lewes, DE.  In 1954, the company was acquired by the Childs Company.[1]
A scorpion goddess is a goddess associated with a scorpion theme.
37°19′55″N 122°01′52″W﻿ / ﻿37.33182°N 122.03118°W﻿ / 37.33182; -122.03118
August Friedrich Horstmann (20 November 1842 – 8 October 1929) was a German physical chemist who contributed to a thermodynamic understanding of chemical reactions and equilibria. His mathematical approach published in 1873 was largely overshadowed by the independent and identical findings of Josiah Willard Gibbs made about three years later.
Răzvan Avram (born 12 September 1986 in Bucharest, Romania)[1] is a Romanian footballer who plays for Liga III club CS Afumați.
The Incredible Adventures of Jack Flanders is a radio drama produced by the ZBS Foundation and Meatball Fulton. It is the fourth of the Jack Flanders adventure series.
Hubert "Hubie" Brooks (born September 24, 1956) is an American former professional baseball right fielder, third baseman, and shortstop. He played 15 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1980 to 1994 for the New York Mets, Montreal Expos, Los Angeles Dodgers, California Angels, and Kansas City Royals. Brooks was selected third overall in the 1978 Major League Baseball draft by the New York Mets and went on to play for five different teams over a 15-year career, and was twice named an All-Star. MLB pitcher Donnie Moore was Brooks' cousin.[1]
Adam Adrian Casey (born August 28, 1989) is a Canadian curler originally from Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island.[2] He currently skips his own team.
At least two and possibly three vessels have borne the name Philip Dundas (or Phillip Dundas), named for Philip Dundas (c.1763–1807), a Scottish British East India Company naval officer, president of the East India Marine Board, and superintendent of Bombay. He returned to Britain and became a Member of Parliament before returning to the Far East to become governor of Prince of Wales Island.
The 2001–02 Club Atlético Boca Juniors season was the 72nd consecutive Primera División season played by the senior squad.
Beta Ethniki 2008–09 complete season.
Gérard Calvin (died 26 May 1531) was the father of the Protestant Reformer John Calvin
Sanchai Ratiwatana and Sonchat Ratiwatana won the title, defeating Adam Feeney and Samuel Groth 6–4, 2–6, [10–8] in the final.
The stream Gillbach  is a tributary to the Erft in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. With a length of 28.5 kilometres it flows through the cities of Bergheim, Grevenbroich, and Neuss. At the source the Gillbach provides cooling water for the Niederaussem Power Station. As a consequence, the stream is much warmer than most other streams in Central Europe and even hosts tropical fish species like guppies[2] or convict cichlids[3] that have been released by private pet holders.
Hilander was a small chain of supermarkets in the metro area of Rockford, Illinois in the United States. The stores were operated by Schnucks, which acquired the chain from The Kroger Co. on September 21, 2011.[1] As of May 2013, the stores have been rebranded to Schnucks.[2]Putinovo (Serbian Cyrillic: Путиново), formerly known as Adžinci (Аџинци), is a rural mountain village in Serbia's Medveđa municipality. Putinovo renamed itself the latter in 2017, in honor of Russian president Vladimir Putin. There is avid support for both Putin and former U.S. president Donald Trump in the village.[1]

OrbQuest: The Search For Seven Wards is a computer game developed by QWare, Inc. for the Apple Macintosh.

Sands of Fire is a 1989 video game published by Three-Sixty Pacific.

Evelyn Sepp (born 13 July 1972 in Tallinn) is an Estonian sports figure and politician. She has been member of IX, X and XI Riigikogu.[1]

Studniówka (Polish pronunciation: [stuˈdɲufka]) is a traditional ball for final grade high school (liceum or technikum) students (i.e. aged 18–20) in Poland, analogous to senior prom in the United States. It is held approximately a hundred days before the matura, or leaving exam; hence its name, which is a Polish noun formed from the adjective studniowy, meaning "hundred-day" (compare sto dni, "a hundred days").[1]

A species concept is a framework for differentiating different species. There are at least 26 recognized species concepts.[1] A species concept that works well for sexually reproducing organisms such as birds may be useless for species that reproduce asexually, such as bacteria. The scientific study of the species problem has been called microtaxonomy.[2]

Jurnee Diana Smollett (born October 1, 1986)[1] is an American  actress. She began her career as a child actress appearing on television sitcoms, including On Our Own (1994–1995) and Full House (1992–1994). She gained greater recognition with her role in the critically acclaimed Kasi Lemmons directed film Eve's Bayou (1997), which earned her a Critics' Choice Movie Award. 

Hollywood Casino Aurora was originally a riverboat casino located on the Fox River in Aurora, Illinois, a western suburb of Chicago. It is owned by Gaming and Leisure Properties and operated by Penn Entertainment.

Dobryniów-Kolonia [dɔˈbrɨɲuf kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łopiennik Górny, within Krasnystaw County, Lublin Voivodeship, in Eastern Poland.[1]

Joseph McNamara (May 2, 1866 – December 30, 1916), known professionally as Reddy Mack, was an Irish-born professional baseball player. He played professional baseball from 1885 to 1890, mainly as a second baseman. Mack played the first four years of his career with the Louisville Colonels, before joining the Baltimore Orioles for the final years of his career. Through his career, he proved to be a mediocre hitter and fielder, except for the 1887 season, where he hit .308 with 147 hits in 128 games. [1][2]

Molvin James (born 4 May 1989) is an Antiguan footballer who currently plays for Antigua Barracuda FC in the USL Professional Division.

Rodrigo Orrego was born in Santiago de Chile. He studied musical history and voice at the Universidad Católica de Chile and graduated afterwards with Prof. Aldo Baldin at the Musikhochschule Karlsruhe, Germany.

John Bolloten, also known as The Rootsman, is a musician and DJ based in Bradford, England.[1][2][failed verification] Bolloten is also a social documentary photographer.[3]

The Historical Plague is a collector's vinyl boxed set by the black metal band Old Man's Child, limited to 2000 copies. It was released on 8 December 2003 by Century Media Records. It contained remastered Gatefold Vinyl LP versions of the five Studio Albums that Old Man's Child had released up to 2003: Born of the Flickering (1996), The Pagan Prosperity (1997), Ill-Natured Spiritual Invasion (1998), Revelation 666 - The Curse of Damnation (2000) and In Defiance of Existence (2003).[1]

Acquin-Westbécourt (French pronunciation: ​[akɛ̃ wɛstbekuʁ]; Picard: Acuin-Boucourt) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in northern France.[3]

T. C. Brister
W. K. Brown
R. W. "Buzzy" Graham

Loudoun County Transit (LC Transit) is a public-transportation service provided by the Loudoun County, Virginia government. Loudoun County Transit provides fixed routes and on-demand/paratransit bus service.[1]

Distributel is a Canadian telecommunications company headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario,[1] founded in 1988 as an independent service provider offering Canadians Long Distance phone service. Distributel now offers a wide range of high speed Internet plans in Ontario, Quebec, British Columbia and Alberta as well as VoIP Digital Home Phone service across Canada. Distributel also provides IPTV (Internet Protocol television) in all major markets in Ontario and Quebec.

Bulgaria competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, Japan, from 24 August to 5 September 2021.[1][2]

Bink Video is a proprietary file format (extensions .bik and .bk2) for video developed by Epic Games Tools (formerly RAD Game Tools), a part of Epic Games.

Hunnisett is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Mitsugi Saotome (五月女 貢, Saotome Mitsugi) (born in 1937) is a Japanese aikido teacher currently living in the United States.[1] He was a direct disciple of the founder of aikido, Morihei Ueshiba.[2]

Stanley Sweet Hanna (17 May 1920, in Sagaing – 27 December 2012, in Palo Alto, California) was an American physicist.

Bamboo forestry (also known as bamboo farming, cultivation, agriculture or agroforestry) is a cultivation and raw material industry that provides the raw materials for the broader bamboo industry, worth over 72 billion dollars globally in 2019.[1]

The Canadian Modern Language Review is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal focusing on second language learning and teaching. CMLR publishes articles in English and French and is published by the University of Toronto Press.[1]


Elizabeth James was an English stage actress of the seventeenth century. She was a member of the King's Company, based at the Theatre Royal, Drury Lane. Several of her known performances were in the premieres of work by John Dryden. She also featured in the debut of William Wycherley's The Country Wife in 1675. Her last known stage role was in 1676, although it appears she was still in the public eye more than a decade later.[1]

Sabdatharavali (Malayalam: ശബ്ദതാരാവലി; "A star cluster of words") is a Malayalam dictionary  having more than 1800 pages and considered as the most authentic Malayalam dictionary of the 20th century. The first part of this dictionary authored by Sreekanteswaram Padmanabha Pillai was published in 1918.

2°58′36.4″N 101°46′17.3″E﻿ / ﻿2.976778°N 101.771472°E﻿ / 2.976778; 101.771472

Youth Never Returns is a 2015 Chinese romantic comedy film based by the novel of Megan Tay & directed by Tian Meng and produced by Manfred Wong, starring Hans Zhang and Joe Chen. The film is an adaptation of Gu Wei's novel of the same name, and tells the love story of between two individuals that span across ten years. Principal photography started on August 25, 2014, in Jialing River.[2]

Woolf Brothers Clothing Company is a historic building in Wichita, Kansas. It is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It is at 135 East Douglas Avenue. It was built in 1922 and replaced Greenfield's Clothing and Furnishings for Men. The building was designed by Lorenz Schmidt and opened in January 1923.[1][2]

Kusma  is a former village development committee in Parasi District in the Lumbini Zone of southern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4861 people living in 754 individual households.[1]

Francisco Rosa Rivera[note 1] (19 March 1972 – 16 February 2010) was a Puerto Rican bodybuilder.[1]

Kaden Tower is a 15-story office building at 6100 Dutchmans Lane in suburban Louisville, Kentucky. The building opened in 1966 as the headquarters for Lincoln Income Life Insurance Company and was originally named Lincoln Tower.[1] Designed by William Wesley Peters, a student of Frank Lloyd Wright, the building is notable for its cantilevered structure and its suspended lacework facade.[1] A single-story building on the same site and in the same architectural style adjoins the tower. This smaller building which originally housed a branch office of Liberty National Bank and Trust Company is now leased by WBKI-TV.

The fifth season of the HBO supernatural drama series True Blood premiered on June 10, 2012 and features 12 episodes, bringing the series total to 60. It picks up right after the events of season four.  It is loosely based on the fifth book in The Southern Vampire Mysteries series, Dead as a Doornail, but incorporates much more of the following books than the previous seasons have.

Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).

In computational physics and chemistry, the Hartree–Fock (HF) method is a method of approximation for the determination of the wave function and the energy of a quantum many-body system in a stationary state.

The following are international rankings of Montenegro.

The history of email entails an evolving set of technologies and standards that culminated in the email systems in use today.


The 2015 Virginia Cavaliers baseball team represented the University of Virginia during the 2015 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Cavaliers played their home games at Davenport Field as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They were led by head coach Brian O'Connor, in his 12th season at Virginia.

Kim Elaine Barrett is a research physiologist, specialising in digestive disorders such as inflammatory bowel disease.  She was Distinguished Professor of Medicine and Dean of the Graduate Division at University of California, San Diego before moving to her current position as Vice Dean for Research and Distinguished Professor of Physiology and Membrane Biology in the School of Medicine at University of California, Davis in 2021. She was the Editor-in-Chief of The Journal of Physiology[1] from 2016–2022, and is a Past-President of the American Physiological Society.[2]

Le Plessis-Trévise (French pronunciation: [lə plɛsi tʁeviz] (listen)) is a commune in the eastern suburbs of Paris, France. It is located 17.4 km (10.8 mi) from the center of Paris.

Svobodnoye (Russian: Свободное) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kasatkinsky Selsoviet of Arkharinsky District, Amur Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2018.[2] There is 1 street.

Haldun Alagaş Sports Hall (Turkish: Haldun Alagaş Spor Kompleksi) is an indoor arena located in Istanbul, Turkey. Opened in December 2000, the arena mostly hosts basketball and volleyball games. It has a seating capacity for 2,468 spectators.[1]

The Sapphic stanza, named after Sappho, is an Aeolic verse form of four lines. Originally composed in quantitative verse and unrhymed, since the Middle Ages imitations of the form typically feature rhyme and accentual prosody. It is "the longest lived of the Classical lyric strophes in the West".[1]


The following are the national records in athletics in France maintained by France's national athletics federation – Fédération française d'athlétisme (FFA).

Sourdough Peak is a 6,201-foot (1,890 meter) mountain summit located at the southern edge of the Wrangell Mountains, in the U.S. state of Alaska. The peak is situated in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve, 7 mi (11 km) east-southeast of McCarthy, on the north bank of the Nizina River. The peak is notable for a rock glacier on its south slope. The peak's name was used by early prospectors as reported in 1908 by the USGS.[3] A "sourdough" is defined as an experienced prospector or an old-timer in the western US or Canada, because they always carried sourdough starter with them. Sourdough Peak's nearest higher neighbor is Porphyry Mountain, 5.1 miles to the northwest.


Anna Heidenhain (born 1979 Wiesbaden) is a German artist.

Paparazzi is a 2004 American action thriller film directed by Paul Abascal, produced by Mel Gibson, and starring Cole Hauser, Robin Tunney, Dennis Farina, Daniel Baldwin and Tom Sizemore.

The National Policy Forum (NPF) of the British Labour Party is part of the policy-making system of the Party, set up by Leader Tony Blair as part of the Partnership in Power process. A Provisional National Policy Forum had been established by Blair's predecessor, John Smith, in May 1993.

Eduards Emsis (born 23 February 1996) is a Latvian international footballer who plays for Albanian club Egnatia Rrogozhinë as a midfielder.[2]

Kabaena or Tokotua is an island in the Flores Sea, Indonesia, off the coast of Sulawesi. Most of it is a part of Bombana Regency within Southeast Sulawesi province, although the southernmost district (Talaga Raya) is administratively part of Central Buton Regency. The island's area is 891.36 km2 and its total population at the 2010 Census was 35,558[1] and at the 2020 Census was 42,877;[2] the official estimate as at mid 2021 was 43,464.[3]

The Sir Francis Drake Channel is a strait in the British Virgin Islands, separating the main island of Tortola from several smaller islands to the south.  As the name suggests, the channel is named after famed English explorer Sir Francis Drake.

Holy Spirit Church is a small church in Bale, a small hilltop town in the inland of Istrian peninsula in north-western Croatia. The church is remarkable for its colourful frescoes on the ceiling and walls.

Osteosclerosis is a disorder that is characterized by abnormal hardening of bone and an elevation in bone density. It may predominantly affect the medullary portion and/or cortex of bone. Plain radiographs are a valuable tool for detecting and classifying osteosclerotic disorders.[1][2] It can manifest in localized or generalized osteosclerosis. Localized osteosclerosis can be caused by Legg–Calvé–Perthes disease, sickle-cell disease and osteoarthritis among others. Osteosclerosis can be classified in accordance with the causative factor into acquired and hereditary.[2][1]

Radnice coal basin was a relatively small area around Radnice and Břasy in the Rokycany District of the Czech Republic where coal depots existed and coal mining developed in the 19th century. During the 20th century the coal reserves were largely depleted and mining stopped in this region. The coal basin was said to be the only locality in Central Europe where bituminous coal was found so close to the surface that it could be retrieved by open pit mining.[1]

The 49th Guards Rifle Division was an infantry division of the Red Army. The division was formed in October 1942 from the 2nd Guards Motor Rifle Division.

Falcons of Narabedla is a science fiction novel by American writer Marion Zimmer Bradley set in the universe of her Darkover series. It was first published in book form in English by Ace Books in 1964, as an Ace Double with Bradley's collection The Dark Intruder and Other Stories on the other side. The story first appeared in the May 1957 issue of the magazine Other Worlds.

Sense on Cents is a financial website and blog.  It is authored and managed by Larry Doyle, a 23-year Wall Street veteran, and is found at www.senseoncents.com.[1][2][3][4][5]

Winnebago Lutheran Academy, also known as WLA, is a private Lutheran high school in Fond du Lac, Wisconsin, associated with the Wisconsin Evangelical Lutheran Synod (WELS).

The Underworld is the second studio album by the American thrash metal band  Evildead, released in June 1991 on Steamhammer Records. While the album was a mild success, it did not maintain the same popularity as Annihilation of Civilization, likely due to its release coinciding with the advent of the grunge era, which ultimately resulted in a dramatic decline in the popularity of heavy metal in general. This would be their final album with founding vocalist Phil Flores (who left in 1993) and their only featuring guitarist Dan Flores (though he would stay in Evildead until their breakup and played on their 1994 demo EP Terror), bassist Karlos Medina (who also left in 1993, although he would return in 2016) and drummer Doug Clawson (who left not long after the album was released).

The O'Brien General Store and Post Office is a combined store and post office located at Schatzell and Charles streets in the hamlet of Rhinecliff, New York, United States, across from the community's central plaza. It is a two-building Italianate complex built in the late 19th century. The western half houses the store and the eastern the post office, which serves the small 12574 ZIP Code roughly contiguous with the riverside hamlet.[2]

Rebecca Ann Naylor Hazard (née Rebecca Ann Naylor; November 10, 1826 – March 1, 1912) was a 19th-century American philanthropist, suffragist, reformer, and writer from the U.S. state of Ohio. With a few other women, she formed the Woman Suffrage Association of Missouri and an Industrial Home for Girls in St. Louis. She organized a society known as the Freedmen's Aid Society, and served as president of the American Woman Suffrage Association.

Sindor (Russian: Синдор; Komi: Синдор) is an urban locality (an urban-type settlement) in Knyazhpogostsky District of the Komi Republic, Russia. As of the 2010 Census, its population was 2,478.[2]

Tekamah (pronounced "teh-KAY-muh")[3] is a city in Burt County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,736 at the 2010 census. It is the county seat of Burt County.[4]

Electric: 1 main electric motor

Touchwood Lake is a lake in northeastern Alberta. It is located in Lakeland Provincial Park. A popular camping spot for people around the area and all over Alberta. Part of the Beaver River system, it is a fairly small lake with many creeks and other lakes attached to it.

Capellen Music Production (CMP) is a music production company. It specializes in film and pop symphony recordings, live concerts and other symphony related services (i.e. music preparation, orchestration, symphonic arrangements, etc.).

Rompiendo Fuente (English: Water Break)  is the sixth single of Juan Luis Guerra sixth studio album Areito, released in 1993 by Karem Records. The song was written and produced by Juan Luis Guerra and his band 4:40. The tracks is a merengue with some elements of Afropop inspired Taino Indigenous.[1] The song is a metaphor lamenting precarious situation of a woman working on a factory that is giving a birth to a girl.[2] The track receive favorable reviews by the critics. Howell Llewelyn from Billboard on an article wrote about the song "the most touching song ever written by a man on the subject of giving birth".[3]

Sherrod Gideon (born February 21, 1977) is a former American and Canadian football wide receiver. He played college football at Southern Mississippi. He was drafted in the 6th round (200th overall) in the 2000 NFL draft by the New Orleans Saints, he was the first player picked after Tom Brady.

Cover to Cover is an American television program broadcast on the business channel CNBC in 2005. It deals especially with criminology and trial cases. The anchor is Liz Claman. The program is produced by NBC News Productions and the Dateline NBC reporters.

Klagopsalmer (roughly, Hymns of Lament) is the sixth album by Shining. It was released on 30 June 2009, by Osmose Productions.[1][2][3]


William Octavius Holloway (15 September 1870 – 2 December 1907) was British Army officer and an English cricketer active from 1890 to 1902 who played for Sussex. 

A mole hole, officially designated the Readiness Crew Building (RCB),[1] is a type of structure built by the United States Air Force at former Strategic Air Command (SAC) bases around the country during the 1950s and 1960s.  RCBs were located adjacent to an Alert Ramp, also called a "Christmas Tree", where Ready Alert aircraft were parked.  These aircraft were initially Boeing B-47 Stratojet aircraft armed with nuclear weapons, augmented by Boeing KC-97 Stratofreighter aerial refueling aircraft.  As SAC introduced newer bomber and aerial tanker aircraft into its inventory, the B-47 and KC-97 were later superseded by Boeing B-52 Stratofortress, Convair B-58 Hustler, General Dynamics FB-111 or Rockwell B-1 Lancer bombers, augmented by Boeing KC-135 Stratotanker or McDonnell Douglas KC-10 Extender aerial refueling aircraft.

Veigaḷḷagar[1] is one of 54 parish councils in Cangas del Narcea, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain. 

Ozurgeti (Georgian: ოზურგეთის მუნიციპალიტეტი, Ozurgetis munitsipalit'et'i) is a municipality of Georgia, in the region of Guria. Its main town is Ozurgeti.

Dysderidae, also known as woodlouse hunters, sowbug-eating spiders, and cell spiders, is a family of araneomorph spiders first described by Carl Ludwig Koch in 1837.[1][page needed] They are found primarily in Eurasia, extending into North Africa with very few species occurring in South America. Dysdera crocata is introduced into many regions of the world.[2]

Mrs. Globe is an annual international beauty pageant open to women who are over 25, married, or who are parents.[1][2] The pageant is heavily involved with charity work. Funds are raised for the charity Woman in Need in the over 70[3] countries which take part in the pageant.[4] Ksenia Krivko was crowned Mrs. Globe 2020 at the international contest on December 7 in Shenzhen, China.[5]

WKFR-FM (103.3 MHz), also known as KFR, is a Top 40 (CHR) outlet serving the Kalamazoo, Michigan radio market. It broadcasts with an ERP of 50 kW in Battle Creek, Michigan and is owned by Townsquare Media.

Saravan (Persian: سراوان, also Romanized as Sarāvān, Sarawān, and Seravan)[1] is a village in Saravan Rural District, Sangar District, Rasht County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 5,740, in 1,511 families.[2]

Kalaviṅka (Sanskrit: कलविङ्क kalaviṅka; Pali: karavika; Chinese: 迦陵頻伽 Jiālíngpínqié;[1] Japanese: 迦陵頻伽, romanized: Karyōbinga,[2] Korean: 가릉빈가;[3] Vietnamese: Ca Lăng Tần Già; Burmese: ကရဝိက် karawik; Thai: การเวก, Malay: karawek) is a fantastical immortal creature in Buddhism, with a human head and a bird's torso, with long flowing tail.[4]

José Tomás Canales (March 7, 1877 – March 30, 1976) was an American businessman, lawyer, and politician based in Texas. He served five terms in the State House, where he was the only Mexican-American representative at the time. He is best known for his work on behalf of Mexican-Americans and Tejanos in Texas, defending civil rights of Latin Americans and other minorities.

Çanakçı (Kurdish: Canser) is a village in the Genç District, Bingöl Province, Turkey.[1] The village is populated by Kurds of the Ziktî tribe and had a population of 228 in 2021.[2][3]

The Church of Vilupulli — Spanish: Iglesia de Vilupulli— is a Catholic church located in the town of Vilupulli, commune of Chonchi, on the Chiloé Archipelago, Los Lagos Region, southern Chile.

4707 Khryses /ˈkraɪsiːz/ is a larger Jupiter trojan from the Trojan camp, approximately 40 kilometers (25 miles) in diameter. It was discovered on 13 August 1988, by American astronomer Carolyn Shoemaker at the Palomar Observatory in California.[1] The assumed C-type asteroid has a rotation period 6.9 hours and likely an elongated shape.[6] It was named after the Trojan priest Chryses (Khryseis) from Greek mythology.[1]

Form factor is a hardware design aspect that defines and prescribes the size, shape, and other physical specifications of components, particularly in electronics.[1][2] A form factor may represent a broad class of similarly sized components, or it may prescribe a specific standard. It may also define an entire system, as in a computer form factor.

Btrieve is a transactional database (navigational database) software product. It is based on Indexed Sequential Access Method (ISAM), which is a way of storing data for fast retrieval. There have been several versions of the product for DOS, Linux, older versions of Microsoft Windows, 32-bit IBM OS/2 and for Novell NetWare.


Sir Martin Kelso Wallace (3 May 1898 – 12 February 1978) was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland.

Osmar Eduardo Castillo Rojas is a Venezuelan football manager, currently in charge of Angostura.

James Edward Ramsey (October 19, 1931 – May 2, 2013) was an American politician and lawyer.

Bo (Thai: บ่อ, pronounced [bɔ̀ː]) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Khlung District, in Chanthaburi Province, Thailand. In 2017 it had a total population of 7,213 people.[1]

Pyles is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Wandsworth Parks and Events Police is a Wandsworth Borough Council service responsible for the routine patrolling of the parks, commons, and open spaces within the London Borough of Wandsworth, which has more green spaces than any other inner London borough.[1][2] It also enforces byelaws, dog control orders, and other park regulations, and provides policing for special events.[3] Its lineage may be traced to a 1984 foundation, although the present body dates from 2012, and was rebranded in 2015 with its current name and responsibilities.[4]

Alta Loma, Texas (Spanish: alta—high, loma—ground),[1] located in southwestern Galveston County, was an unincorporated area which became a part of the city of Santa Fe in 1978.[2]

Only Death Can Kill You is the first collaborative studio album by American rapper Awol One and Canadian producer Factor. It was released on Cornerstone R.A.S. in 2007.

District-level town (Vietnamese: thị xã), a type of second tier subdivision of Vietnam is divided into 713 units along with urban district, district, municipal city, and provincial city have equal status.[1] Also by virtue of Decree No. 42/2009/ND-CP, town are officially classified into Class-3 or Class-4.[2]

 The Tauernscheck goat breed from Austria is used for the production of milk.  It is a very rare breed derived from the Austrian Landrace and Pinzgauer goat breeds.

Seaside Rock is the fourth album by Peter Bjorn and John.  A vinyl- and digital- only release, it came out in the U.S. on Almost Gold/Star Time International on 23 September 2008. The U.S. edition is limited to 5000 LPs, each accompanied by a download code. (V2 released the album in the trio's native Sweden, while Wichita handled it in the UK.)[6] Seaside Rock is an experimental, almost completely instrumental album; aside from some vocals in 'Say Something', the only other vocals appearing on the album are Swedish, spoken word pieces performed over backing music by Peter Bjorn And John read by people in their local community, such as a nearby hairdresser. The album was included in CD form in the deluxe edition of their 2009 album Living Thing.

Streatham and Mitcham RLFC was a professional rugby league team based at Mitcham Stadium in London. They wore green and white hoops.

The 2004 Canada Masters and the Rogers AT&T Cup were tennis tournaments played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 115th edition of the Canada Masters, and was part of the ATP Masters Series of the 2004 ATP Tour, and of the Tier I Series of the 2004 WTA Tour. The men's event took place at the Rexall Centre in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, from July 26 through August 1, 2004, and the women's event at the Uniprix Stadium in Montreal, Quebec, Canada, from August 2 through August 8, 2004.

The anal stage is the second stage in Sigmund Freud's theory of psychosexual development, taking place approximately between the ages 18 months and three years. According to Freud, the anus is the primary erogenous zone and pleasure is derived from controlling bladder and bowel movement. The major conflict issue during this stage is toilet training. A fixation at this stage can result in a personality that is too rigid or one that is too disordered.[1]

KYSR (98.7 FM) is a commercial alternative rock radio station licensed to Los Angeles, California, serving the Greater Los Angeles area. Owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., KYSR is the flagship station of syndicated morning drive program The Woody Show. The KYSR studios are located in Burbank, while the station transmitter resides in the Santa Monica Mountains on Briarcrest Peak in Beverly Hills. In addition to a standard analog transmission, KYSR broadcasts over two HD Radio channels,[1] and is available online via iHeartRadio; KYSR also extends its signal by using a single full-power repeater: KSRY (103.1 FM) in Tehachapi.[2]

André C. Denys (6 January 1948 in Gistel – 13 May 2013 in Ghent) was a Belgian politician who was the Governor of the province of East Flanders from 2004 to January 2013.[1]

Tamara Schädler (born 23 April 1977 in Chur, Switzerland) is a Liechtensteiner former alpine skier who competed in the 1998 Winter Olympics. [1][2]

Sylvana Ward Durrett was director of special projects at Vogue, responsible for organising the Met Gala for eight years,[1][2] and is co-founder and CEO of Maisonette.[3]

Petar Kurumbashev is a Bulgarian politician who served as a Member of European Parliament from 2014 to 2019 from the Bulgaria constituency.[1][2]

Echoes is a remix album by Industrial band Front Line Assembly. It was released on May 13, 2014 through Metropolis.[1]

The Frederick Parkinson House is a historic house located in Wagoner, Oklahoma, United States. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

The United Nationalist Party (UNP) was a political party in Ghana during the Second Republic (1969–1972).[1] In elections held on 29 August 1969, the UNP won 2 out of 140 seats in the National Assembly.

Siempre Estoy Pensando en Ti (English: I'm Always Thinking of You) is a compilation album released by Mexican singer-songwriter Juan Gabriel with mariachi in 1978 and re-release on July 18, 1989. The track listing combines songs from the 1974 album: Con El Mariachi Vargas De Tecalitlán and 1977 album: Con Mariachi Vol. II.[1]

Winston Burdett (December 12, 1913 – May 19, 1993) was an American broadcast journalist and correspondent for the CBS Radio Network during World War II and later for CBS television news. During the war he became a member of Edward R. Murrow's team of war correspondents known as the Murrow Boys. From 1937 to 1942 Burdett was involved with the Communist Party. He testified before the Senate Internal Security Subcommittee in 1955, detailing his espionage work for the Soviet Union in Europe and naming dozens of other party members.

This table explains the conjugation of auxiliary Catalan verbs.

In mathematics, geometric invariant theory (or GIT) is a method for constructing quotients by group actions in algebraic geometry, used to construct moduli spaces. It was developed by David Mumford in  1965, using ideas from the paper (Hilbert 1893)  in  classical invariant theory.

Hasanabad (Persian: حسن اباد, also Romanized as Ḩasanābād)[1] is a village in Dashtabi-ye Gharbi Rural District, Dashtabi District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 448, in 113 families.[2]

Nerissa Bretania Underwood (born 1955)[1] is a Guamanian politician who served as the senator in Guam Legislature,[2] also former vice chairwoman of the Democratic Party of Guam, a former superintendent of the Guam Department of Education, and the wife of former Democratic Guam Congressional Delegate Robert A. Underwood. She is previously serving as the chairperson of the legislature's Committee on Early Learning, Juvenile Justice, Public Education and First Generation Initiatives and as the vice chairperson on the Committee on Higher Education, Culture, Public Libraries, and Women's Affairs.[3]

"Sing Sing" is a song by disco-funk band Gaz, a project of keyboardist Thor Baldursson, guitarist Mats Bjoerklund, and producer Jürgen Korduletsch.  It appeared on the group's only album, Gaz,[1] and was released as a 12" single in 1978, Salsoul Records catalog number SG206.[2]

Molecular hydrogen occurs in two isomeric forms, one with its two proton nuclear spins aligned parallel (orthohydrogen), the other with its two proton spins aligned antiparallel (parahydrogen).[1] These two forms are often referred to as spin isomers[2] or as nuclear spin isomers.[3]

The Walter Uetz Flugzeugbau was a Swiss aircraft manufacturer and design company.[1] From the 1950s it built the CAB Minicab and Jodel D.11 which it sold in Switzerland and Austria. It later produced the U2V, a modified Jodel D.119 with a straight wing.[1]

Santa Teresa Club Deportivo, formerly Badajoz Club de Fútbol and Deportivo Pacense, is a football club based in Badajoz in the autonomous community of Extremadura, Spain. Founded in 2006, it plays in Tercera División - Group 14.

The Aerojet SD-2 Overseer was an unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Aerojet General and Rheem Manufacturing Co.[1] in the late 1950s for use by the United States Army. Built in limited numbers, it never saw operational service.

Steige (French pronunciation: ​[stɛʒ]) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.[3]

Accotink Creek is a 25.0-mile-long (40.2 km)[5] tributary stream of the Potomac River in Fairfax County, Virginia, in the United States. At Springfield, Virginia, Accotink Creek is dammed to create Lake Accotink. The stream empties into the Potomac at Gunston Cove's Accotink Bay, to the west of Fort Belvoir.

A major earthquake struck northern Peru on November 28, 2021, 5:52 a.m. local time with a magnitude of 7.5 on the moment magnitude scale between the Amazonas and Loreto departments of Peru.[3] A maximum Modified Mercalli intensity (MMI) of VII (Very Strong) was reported in the town of Santa Maria de Nieva according to the Geological Institute of Peru.[4][3]

Krishnamacharya: His Life and Teachings is a book written by A. G. Mohan with Ganesh Mohan.[2][3] This book is a tribute to "the father of modern yoga," Tirumalai Krishnamacharya (1888–1989). Krishnamacharya was a renowned Indian yoga master, ayurvedic healer, and scholar who created many of the practices of yoga as exercise, and whose students B. K. S. Iyengar, Indra Devi, K. Pattabhi Jois, and T. K. V. Desikachar dramatically popularized yoga in the West.[4]

Merritt Gardner Kellogg (28 March 1832 – December 20 1921) was a Seventh-day Adventist (SDA) carpenter, missionary, pastor and doctor who worked in Northern California, the South Pacific, and Australia. He designed and built several medical facilities. Kellogg was involved in the controversy about which day should be observed as the Sabbath on Tonga, which lies east of the 180° meridian but west of the International Date Line. He was the brother of John Harvey Kellogg.

William Haskell Coffin (October 21, 1878 – May 12, 1941) was a painter and commercial artist who flourished in the early decades of the twentieth century.  His work appeared on the cover of leading magazines in the United States and on posters that the US government commissioned.

ECTACO Inc. (East-Coast Trading American Company Incorporated) is a US-based developer and manufacturer of hardware and software products for speech recognition and electronic translation. They also make jetBook eBook readers.

Sophie of Brandenburg (6 June 1568 – 7 December 1622) was Electress of Saxony by marriage to Christian I, Elector of Saxony. She was regent from 1591 to 1601 during the minority of their son Christian II.

 Stark Hall  is an American residence hall at Texas Woman's University, and was the tallest building in Denton, Texas until the completion of the adjacent Guinn Hall Traditionally single-sex, in fall 2016, it became co-educational and houses first year and sophomore students only.[1][2][3][4]

Amirabad (Persian: اميراباد, also Romanized as Amīrābād)[1] is a village in Deyhuk Rural District, Deyhuk District, Tabas County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 81, with 24 families.[2]

The St. Cloud State Huskies women's ice hockey program represented St. Cloud State University during the 2015-16 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.

The 5th Ersatz Division (5. Ersatz-Division) was a unit of the German Army, in World War I.[1] The division was formed in June 1915 as a temporary division known as the Division Basedow, named after its commander, Heino von Basedow.[2] It was formed from two previously independent Brigades: 37th Mixed Landwehr and 2nd Reserve Ersatz.[2] The division was converted into the 5th Ersatz Division in June 1916.[3] The 5th Ersatz Division was disbanded in 1919, during the demobilization of the German Army after World War I.

The Heath Is Green (German: Grün ist die Heide) is a 1951 West German drama film directed by Hans Deppe and starring Sonja Ziemann, Rudolf Prack, and Maria Holst.

Philotas (Greek: Φιλώτας; lived 5th century BC) was an ancient Greek dithyrambic poet and musician, the disciple of Philoxenus of Cythera. He is considered only worthy of notice as having once gained a victory over his great contemporary Timotheus of Miletus.

Central Point School District 6 is a school district in the U.S. state of Oregon that operates schools in the communities of Central Point, Gold Hill and Sams Valley.  The district is bordered directly to the south by the Medford School District, the largest school district in southern Oregon.  

Jan Becher is a Czech liqueur company headquartered in Karlovy Vary. The most famous product of Becher is Becherovka.

Fronto-cerebellar dissociation is the disconnection and independent function of frontal and cerebellar regions of the brain. It is characterized by inhibited communication between the two regions, and is notably observed in cases of ADHD, schizophrenia, alcohol use disorder, and heroin use. The frontal and cerebellar regions make distinctive contributions to cognitive performance, with the left-frontal activations being responsible for selecting a response to a stimulus, while the right-cerebellar activation is responsible for the search for a given response to a stimulus. Left-frontal activation increases when there are many appropriate responses to a stimulus, and right-cerebellar activation increases when there is a single appropriate response to a stimulus. A person with dissociated frontal and cerebellar regions may have difficulties with selecting a response to a stimuli, or difficulties with response initiation.[1] Fronto-cerebellar dissociation can often result in either the frontal lobe or the cerebellum becoming more active in place of the less active region as a compensatory effect.[2][3]

Kiş (also, Kish and Kish-Kishlak) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It is located approximately 5 km north of Shaki. It has a population of 6,244.

Rumelia (Ottoman Turkish: روم ايلى, romanized: Rum İli; Turkish: Rumeli; Greek: Ρωμυλία), etymologically "Land of the Romans", at the time meaning Eastern Orthodox Christians and more specifically Christians from the Byzantine rite, was the name of a historical region in Southeastern Europe that was administered by the Ottoman Empire, corresponding to the Balkans. In its wider sense, it was used to refer to all Ottoman possessions and vassals in Europe that would later be geopolitically classified as "the Balkans". During the period of its existence, it was more often known in English as Turkey in Europe.

Kris Rinne is a technology person and retired Senior VP of network technology at AT&T Labs. She was an inductee to the 2013 Wireless Hall of Fame[1] and the 2014 Women in Technology International Hall of Fame. She has been described as a key person in wireless technologies for her AT&T work.[2]

Khigh Alx Dhiegh (/ˈkaɪ ˈdiː/ KY DEE or /ˈdeɪ/ DAY; born Kenneth Dickerson; August 25, 1910 – October 25, 1991)[1] was an American television and motion picture actor of Anglo-Egyptian Sudanese ancestry, noted for portraying East Asian roles.[2] He is perhaps best remembered for portraying villains, in particular his recurring TV guest role as Chinese agent Wo Fat on Hawaii Five-O (from the pilot in 1968, to the final episode in 1980), and brainwashing expert Dr. Yen Lo in 1962's The Manchurian Candidate.[a]

Striations are marks produced on the fracture surface that show the incremental growth of a fatigue crack. A striation marks the position of the crack tip at the time it was made. The term striation generally refers to ductile striations which are rounded bands on the fracture surface separated by depressions or fissures and can have the same appearance on both sides of the mating surfaces of the fatigue crack.  Although some research has suggested that many loading cycles are required to form a single striation, it is now generally thought that each striation is the result of a single loading cycle.[1]


Bridget Armstrong (born 1937, Dunedin) is a New Zealand actress. She was educated at St Patrick's Dominican College, Teschemakers, Oamaru. She appeared on stage, film and TV several times, including The Lost Tribe (The Goodies); as Nurse Rosemary Layton, in the Edgar Wallace Mysteries ' episode, We Shall See; and, as Anna Bosworth, and Janet Davis, respectively, in The Scales of Justice episodes, 'The Undesirable Neighbour' and 'Infamous Conduct'. She also played Dian De Momerie in the BBC adaptation of Murder Must Advertise, by Dorothy L Sayers.

"The Last Night of a Jockey" is an episode of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone. In this episode, a diminutive jockey's wish to be a big man is granted. Rod Serling wrote the episode specifically for Mickey Rooney, who is the only actor to appear in it.

MasterChef Celebrity Thailand is the Thai version of the competitive reality TV series MasterChef which premiered on Channel 7 on November 1, 2020.

Grygori Nazarovych Dolenko Ukrainian: Григорій Назарович Доленко (Gaevka, Kirovograd Oblast, February 2, 1917 - Lviv, December 16, 1990) was a Ukrainian petroleum geologist.

Becel is a brand of margarine produced by Dutch company Upfield. In France, it is sold as Fruit D'or and in the United States as Promise.

Phạm Huỳnh Tam Lang (14 February 1942 – 2 June 2014) was a Vietnamese football player and coach.[1]

Serhat Balcı (pronounced [ˈseɾhat ˈbaɫdʒɯ]; born March 15, 1982, in Üsküdar, Istanbul) is a male sport wrestler from Turkey competing in the 96 kg division of freestyle wrestling. The 1.78 m (5 ft 10 in) tall[1] athlete is a member of the Sancaktepe Belediye S.K. in Sancaktepe, Istanbul.[2]

The Jacaranda is a Liverpool music venue closely associated with the rise of the Merseybeat phenomenon in the 1960s. Opened by The Beatles' first manager Allan Williams in 1958,[1] it played a key role in launching the band's early careers, in addition to providing a stage for local acts like Gerry and the Pacemakers & Rory Storm and The Hurricanes. The headquarters of independent record label Jacaranda Records[2] and still operating as a live music venue, record store and bar, the club has occupied a place in Liverpool's music scene for over 60 years.

The Pontifical Congregation of the Benedictine Sisters of the Reparation of the Holy Face is a Roman Catholic women's congregation of pontifical right whose focus is providing Acts of Reparation to Jesus Christ.

The Thomas Mann House (in German: Thomas-Mann-Haus) in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California is the former residence of Nobel Prize laureate Thomas Mann, who lived there with his family during his exile from 1942 until 1952. Designed by the architect Julius Ralph Davidson, the house at 1550 San Remo Drive was built in 1941/42.[1] In 2016, it was acquired by the German federal government, and opened on June 18, 2018 as a place for transatlantic dialogue and debate.[2]

The 1979–80 Irish League was the 79th edition of the Irish League, the highest level of league competition in Northern Irish football. The league consisted of 12 teams, and Linfield won the championship.

At the beginning of 3rd dynasty of Ur Sirara (Sumerian: 𒌓𒈣𒀏𒆠𒋳 SIRARA6) was a temple complex in Lagash - it may also (or instead) have been a city as mentioned in The Royal Chronicle of Lagaš.[1] It has been suggested that the city-state known as Sirara was also called Nina or Nimin which was probably a seaport.[2]




This is a list of schools in the Australian Capital Territory, which houses Australia's capital city, Canberra. The Territory's education system consists of primary schools, which accommodate students from Kindergarten to Year 6, high schools, which accommodate students from Years 7 to 10, and secondary colleges, which are specialist Year 11–12 institutions. As a result of development in newer areas and mergers in existing areas, some schools accommodate more than one of the above year ranges. Certificates are awarded on the basis of continuous assessment of students' progress at the end of years 10 and 12 by the ACT Education Directorate.

Buenos Aires, also known as Buena Ayres or Buenos Ayres, is a populated place situated in Pima County, Arizona.[2] It has an estimated elevation of 3,045 feet (928 m) above sea level.[1]  Buenos Aires is located on the Tohono Oʼodham Indian Reservation.  The settlement once had its own school district (School District No. 11, Pima County),[3] which has since become part of the Baboquivari Unified School District.

The Austin Peay Governors basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Austin Peay Governors basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Governors represent Austin Peay State University in the NCAA Division I ASUN Conference.[1][2][3]

Marios Andreou (Greek: Μάριος Ανδρέου; born 26 August 1998) is a Cypriot footballer who plays as a midfielder. He currently plays for Portland Timbers U23s.[1]

Buddha Mountain is a 2010 drama film directed by Li Yu and starring Sylvia Chang, Fan Bingbing and Chen Bolin. It was produced by Laurel Films, a small independent production company owned by Fang Li and based in Beijing. Laurel Films also produced Li Yu's previous film Lost in Beijing.

Mooi Choo Chuah from Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2015[1] for contributions to wireless network system and protocol design. In 2017, she was elected a fellow of the National Academy of Inventors.[2]

Charles William Lindstrom  (September 7, 1936 - September 29, 2021) was a former Major League Baseball catcher who played briefly for the Chicago White Sox during the 1958 season.  He is also the son of Baseball Hall of Famer Freddie Lindstrom.

The Van Marter Building, located at 423–427 East Beale Street[2] in Kingman, Arizona, was built in 1921 and has been listed in the National Register of Historic Placed since May 14, 1986.[3]  The building was built with a Mission/Spanish Revival architectural style.[4]   J. B. Lammers of Flagstaff, Arizona was the contractor.[5]

Tamás Faragó (born 20 March 1978) is a musician, best known as the lead guitarist of Amber Smith and We Are Rockstars.


This page provides supplementary chemical data on p-xylene. 

Peru competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.

Nicolas Dethier (29 September 1888 – 12 February 1976) was a Belgian trade unionist and politician.

Joe N. Acinapura (born 13 May 1938, in Union City, New Jersey)[1] is a Republican politician who was elected and currently serves in the Vermont House of Representatives.[2] He represents the Rutland-7 Representative District.

Air Comet Chile was an airline based in Santiago, Chile, operating domestic passenger services. Its main base was Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport, Santiago.[1]

In Norse mythology, Göndul (Old Norse: Gǫndul, "wand-wielder"[1]) is a valkyrie. Göndul is attested in Heimskringla, Sörla þáttr, and a 14th-century Norwegian charm. In addition, Göndul appears within the valkyrie list in the Poetic Edda poem Völuspá, in both of the two Nafnaþulur lists found in the Prose Edda, and among the valkyries listed in Darraðarljóð.
Murder in Virginia constitutes the intentional killing, under circumstances defined by law, of people within or under the jurisdiction of the U.S. state of Virginia.

Summil (Arabic: صميل) was a Palestinian Arab village in the Gaza Subdistrict, located 36 kilometers (22 mi) northeast of Gaza. It was situated on a sandy hill in the coastal plain and had a population of 950 in 1945. It was depopulated during the 1948 Arab-Israeli War.[6]

Dangsing is a town and Village Development Committee  in Kaski District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3,533 persons living in 794 individual households.[1]

João Carlos Calvete Pereira da Costa (born 28 October 1964 in Luanda) is a Portuguese marksman who competed at the 2000, 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Summer Olympic Games representing Portugal.


Lance Williams and Mark Fainaru-Wada co-authored the book Game of Shadows while they were reporters for the San Francisco Chronicle.  For their investigative work in the field of steroids, Williams and Fainaru-Wada were given the 2004 George Polk Award.[1]

This was the first edition of the event.

Martin Hromec (born 9 January 1976) is a Slovak professional tennis player. He has competed in the Davis Cup several times and men's doubles tournaments particularly in the mid to late 1990s. In the 1998 Davis Cup he played with Ján Krošlák.[1]

The 1898 Villanova Wildcats football team represented the Villanova University during the 1898 college football season. The team's captain was John F. Bagley.[1]

This is a list of events in British radio during 2015.

The New York Jewish Film Festival (NYJFF) is an annual festival in New York City that features a wide array of international films exploring themes related to the Jewish experience.[1] The Jewish Museum and The Film Society of Lincoln Center work in partnership to present the NYJFF every January.[1][2] Since its creation in 1992, the festival has more than doubled in size and scope. Screenings are typically followed by discussions with directors, actors and film experts. Audience participation is encouraged.

Lake Wissota State Park is a 1,062-acre (430 ha) Wisconsin state park near the town of Chippewa Falls.  The park is situated on the northeast shore of Lake Wissota, a reservoir on the Chippewa River.  Camping, boating, and fishing are the most popular activities.  Park lands are covered in a mix of pine/hardwood forests and prairie.  Visitors can access the Old Abe State Trail and bike or hike 17.5 miles (28.2 km) to Brunet Island State Park.

The Daily Show: Indecision 2004 is a DVD boxed set of several episodes of The Daily Show with Jon Stewart relating to the 2004 presidential election.[1] The episodes were all filmed during 2004, and feature interviews with political candidates and parodies of the events during the general election campaign.[2]

DeWitt or Dewitt is a concatenated primarily American form of the Dutch surname De Witt or De Wit, both meaning "the white (one)", "the blond (one)". It also became a popular given name following the New York Governorship of DeWitt Clinton, whose mother Mary DeWitt was a descendant of the Dutch patrician De Witt family. People with the name include:

"Fire in the Sky" is a song recorded by American country music group Nitty Gritty Dirt Band. The song was first released in 1981 and peaked at number 76 on the Billboard Hot 100. In November 1986, the song was released to the country music format, peaking at number 7 on the Hot Country Songs charts[1] and number five on the Canadian country charts.  The song features a guest vocal by Kenny Loggins, along with saxophones played by Bryan Savage and Al Garth.[2]  This song was written by group members Jeff Hanna and Bob Carpenter.

Noah Paul James (born 14 February 2001), is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for Newcastle Jets.

The Tucson Roadrunners  are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League (AHL) that began play for the 2016–17 season. Based in Tucson, Arizona, and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Arizona Coyotes, the team plays its home games at the Tucson Convention Center Arena.

Palace of Sports "Yunist" (Ukrainian: Палац спорту «Юність») is an indoor arena in the eastern Ukrainian city Zaporizhia. Rebuilt in 2018,[1][2] it has a seating capacity for 3,200 people and is a home arena of HC Motor Zaporizhzhia.

Warriors were a Yugoslav and later Canadian heavy metal band formed in Belgrade in 1982.




The following is a partial list of currently operating state schools in the unitary council areas of Aberdeenshire, Angus, Argyll and Bute, Clackmannanshire and Dumfries and Galloway in Scotland, United Kingdom. You may also find Category:Schools in Scotland of use to find a particular school. See also the List of the oldest schools in the United Kingdom.

Kolonia Buchałowice [kɔˈlɔɲa buxawɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kurów, within Puławy County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.[1]

The Stadion Miejski im. Władysława Króla (English: Władysław Król Municipal Stadium), also known as the Stadion Miejski ŁKS (English: ŁKS Municipal Stadium), is a football stadium in Łódź, Poland. The stadium has a capacity of 18,029 seats.

In mathematics and especially in algebraic combinatorics, the Stanley symmetric functions are a family of symmetric functions introduced by Richard Stanley (1984) in his study of the symmetric group of permutations.  

In histology, histopathology, and clinical pathology, Perls Prussian blue is a commonly used method to detect the presence of iron in tissue or cell samples.[1]: 235 [2][3][4] Perls Prussian Blue derives its name from the German pathologist Max Perls (1843–1881), who described the technique in 1867.[2] The method does not involve the application of a dye, but rather causes the pigment Prussian blue to form directly within the tissue.[5] The method stains mostly iron in the ferric state which includes ferritin and hemosiderin, rather than iron in the ferrous state.[6]

Promised Land is the first solo studio album released by American blues guitarist Robert Walker after over fifty years of performing. The album was released in 1997 by Rooster Blues. It contains only one original song by Walker himself, with rest being treatments of standards from a wide range of styles.

Jefferson Viana Correa (born June 10, 1989 in São Luís), known as Jefferson Maranhão, is a Brazilian footballer who plays for Sertãozinho as midfielder.

Lucien Goldmann (French: [ɡɔldman]; 20 July 1913 – 8 October 1970) was a French philosopher and sociologist of Jewish-Romanian origin. A professor at the EHESS in Paris, he was a Marxist theorist. His wife was sociologist Annie Goldmann.

Peykar (Persian: پیکار, lit. 'Struggle') was a weekly newspaper in Iran that was published as the official organ of the communist organization Organization of Struggle for the Emancipation of the Working Class.

A player piano (also known as a pianola) is a self-playing piano containing a pneumatic or electro-mechanical mechanism that operates the piano action via programmed music recorded on perforated paper or metallic rolls, with more modern implementations using MIDI. The rise of the player piano grew with the rise of the mass-produced piano for the home, in the late 19th and early 20th century.[1] Sales peaked in 1924 and subsequently declined as the improvement in phonograph recordings due to electrical recording methods developed in the mid-1920s. The advent of electrical amplification in home music reproduction via radio in the same period helped cause their eventual decline in popularity, and the stock market crash of 1929 virtually wiped out production.[2]

The Kamanyola Division was an infantry division of the Forces Armées Zaïroises, the armed forces of Zaire, in 1974–97.

The 14th Virginia Regiment was raised on September 16, 1776, in western Virginia for service with the Continental Army.[1] The regiment would see action at the Battle of Brandywine, Battle of Germantown, Battle of Monmouth, and Siege of Charleston.[2] Most of the regiment was captured at Charlestown, South Carolina, on May 12, 1780, by the British Army. The regiment was formally disbanded on November 15, 1783.

HD 176664, also known as HR 7190 or rarely 43 G. Telescopii, is a solitary star located in the southern constellation Telescopium. It is faintly visible to the naked eye as an orange-hued star with an apparent magnitude of 5.93.[2] The object is located relatively close at a distance of 292 light years based on Gaia DR3 parallax measurements[1] but is rapidly approaching the Solar System with a heliocentric radial velocity of −60 km/s.[5] At its current distance HD 176664's brightness is diminished by two-tenths of a magnitude due to interstellar dust.[14] It has an absolute magnitude of +0.94.[6]

A register office or The General Register Office, much more commonly but erroneously registry office[1] (except in official use), is a British government office where births, deaths, marriages, civil partnership, stillbirths and adoptions in England, Wales and Northern Ireland are registered.[2] It is the licensed local of civil registry.

The Río Pilcomayo National Park (Spanish: Parque Nacional Río Pilcomayo) is a national park located in the northeastern part of the Argentine province of Formosa, on the border with Paraguay. Established on September 29, 1951 to protect the natural features (grasslands, marshes, creeks, lakes and forests), typical of the Humid Chaco ecoregion, the park is included in the Ramsar Convention's list of wetlands of international importance.[2][3]
Najafabad Rural District (Persian: دهستان نجف آباد) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.[1] In the 2006 census, its population was 3,455, in 775 families.[2] The rural district has 24 villages.
The 1947 NCAA baseball season, play of college baseball in the United States organized by the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) began in the spring of 1947. The season progressed through the regular season and concluded with the 1947 NCAA baseball tournament and 1947 College World Series. The College World Series, held for the first time in 1947, consisted of the two remaining teams in the NCAA Tournament and was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan at Hyames Field as a best of three series. California claimed the championship two games to none over Yale.[1][2]
Phoebe Palmer (December 18, 1807 – November 2, 1874) was a Methodist evangelist and writer who promoted the doctrine of Christian perfection.[1] She is considered one of the founders of the Holiness movement within Methodist Christianity.[2]
Sepolia (Greek: Σεπόλια pronounced [seˈpo.ʎa]) is a neighborhood in Athens, Greece. The Sepolia metro station is situated in the neighborhood. Sepolia owes to its name in the Greek phrase esopolis (έσω πόλις), which means "inside the city".[1] Sepolia was a remote settlement until the latter part of the 19th century, a few kilometers away from Athens. The Greek Census of that period didn't include Sepolia as part of Athens. The Census of 1879, for example, refers to a population of 278 inhabitants.[2] During the following years, Sepolia joined Athens as a result of a population explosion.
Royal Prussian Jagdstaffel 90, commonly abbreviated to Jasta 90, was a "hunting group" (i.e., fighter squadron) of the Luftstreitkräfte, the air arm of the Imperial German Army during World War I.[1]
The cardiac nerves are autonomic nerves which supply the heart.[1] They include:
In  corporate finance, a tender offer is a type of public takeover bid. The tender offer is a public, open offer or invitation (usually announced in a newspaper advertisement) by a prospective acquirer to all stockholders of a publicly traded corporation (the target corporation) to tender their stock for sale at a specified price during a specified time, subject to the tendering of a minimum and maximum number of shares. In a tender offer, the bidder contacts shareholders directly; the directors of the company may or may not have endorsed the tender offer proposal.
This article about an Irish artist is a stub. You can help Wikipedia by expanding it.Rodney is an American television sitcom starring stand-up comic and country music singer Rodney Carrington that aired on ABC from September 21, 2004, to June 6, 2006. Executive producer Ric Swartzlander, Don Reo, and Damon Wayans were the creators of the series.

The Allan–Robinson reaction is the chemical reaction of o-hydroxyaryl ketones with aromatic anhydrides to form flavones (or isoflavones).[1][2][3][4]
Israel Electric Corporation (Hebrew: חברת החשמל לישראל, abbreviation: IEC) is the largest supplier of electrical power in Israel and the Palestinian territories. The IEC builds, maintains, and operates power generation stations, sub-stations, as well as transmission and distribution networks in Israel.
Joseph Smith, Jr. was the leader and founder of the Latter Day Saint movement. Being Continuationist, the movement is characterized by a belief that the miracles, visions, prophecies, and revelations attributed to the biblical era continue still today, contingent upon need and the faith of those involved. This belief is based both upon scriptural evidence from the Bible and Book of Mormon and upon accounts of such miracles performed by Smith.
The Vaurien is a dinghy designed by Jean-Jacques Herbulot in 1951, and presented in the Boat show in Paris in 1952. It was meant as a reasonable alternative for a boat with a crew of two,  as much for its low cost, as for its simplicity to sail. The first units, sold in the mentioned Boat show, had a price equivalent to two bicycles of the time. It is a light, but robust, boat that soon found its place among beginners, especially in Europe and Africa. The class has been recognised by World Sailing since 1962.
Eva Martincová (born 4 March 1975, in Brno) is a former Czech tennis player.
Neil Tolkin is a Canadian screenwriter and film director from Montreal.[1] He attended Westmount High School and Dawson College and McGill University.[1]
Pro-Design GmbH is an Austrian aircraft manufacturer based in Innsbruck. It was founded in 1986, in Natters. The company specializes in the design and manufacture of paragliders and powered parachute canopies, in the form of ready-to-fly aircraft.[1]
Churchill Mountain is a mountain located in the Catskill Mountains of New York east-southeast of Stamford. Utsayantha Mountain is located northeast, Cowan Mountain is located southwest, and McGregor Mountain is located east of Churchill Mountain.
Abulchares (Greek: Αβουλχαρέ, Latin: Apochara; died 1068) was a Byzantine general of Arab origin who served as the catepan of Italy[a] from 1064 until his death. The chief sources for his catapanate are Skylitzes Continuatus and Anonymi Barensis Chronicon.[1] Skylitzes Continuatus records that Abulchares was also duke (doux) of Dyrrhachium across the Adriatic, but this is chronologically impossible, since Perenos is recorded as duke at this time.[b][2]
Gilles de Caux de Montlebert, (c.1682, Ligneries, near Argentan – 17 September 1733, Bayeux) was an 18th-century French poet and playwright from Normandy.
Stefano Porcari (early 15th century[1] - 9 January 1453) was an Italian politician and humanist from Rome, known as the leader of a rebellion against Pope Nicholas V and the Papal secular authority in Rome.[2]
Samraong (Khmer: សំរោង, pronounced [sɑm.raoŋ]; ''impenetrable jungle'') is the capital of Oddar Meanchey Province in Northwestern Cambodia.
The Guam women's national futsal team represents Guam in international futsal competitions and is controlled by the Guam Football Association. They are affiliated to the Asian Football Confederation and the East Asian Football Federation.
K̲h̲ayālī Mehmed Bey (died at Edirne in 1556), nicknamed Bekār Memi ("Memi the Bachelor"), was an Ottoman poet born in Yenice-i Vardar (modern Giannitsa, Greece). He was a bitter enemy of poet Yahya Bey.[1]
Pfeffernüsse are small spice cookies, popular as a holiday treat with Germans and ethnic Mennonites in North America.[1][2] Similar cookies are made in Denmark, and The Netherlands, as well. They are called Pfeffernüsse (plural, singular is Pfeffernuss) in German, pepernoten (sing. pepernoot) in Dutch, päpanät in Plautdietsch, pfeffernusse or peppernuts in English, and pebernødder in Danish.
Cristina Takacs-Vesbach (born 1968) is an American microbial ecologist conducting research on the productivity, diversity, and function of microbial communities living at the two extremes of temperature found on Earth-Antarctica's McMurdo Dry Valleys and Yellowstone National Park's thermal springs.[1]
Okara is an administrative subdivision (in Urdu a.k.a. tehsil) of Okara District in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is administratively subdivided into 41 Union Councils, 11 of which form the Tehsil capital Okara.[1]
Avel Safronovich Yenukidze (Georgian: აბელ ენუქიძე, Abel Enukidze, Georgian pronunciation: [ˈɑbɛl ˈɛnukʰidzɛ]; Russian: А́вель Сафронович Енуки́дзе; 19 May [O.S. 7 May] 1877 – 30 October 1937) was a prominent Georgian "Old Bolshevik" and, at one point, a member of the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party (b) in Moscow. In 1932, along with Mikhail Kalinin and Vyacheslav Molotov, Yenukidze co-signed the infamous "Law of Spikelets". In 1918 to 1935 Yenukidze served as the Secretary of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee and the Central Executive Committee of the Soviet Union.
Urban seismic risk is a subset of the general term seismic risk which describes the problems specific to centers of population when they are subjected to earthquakes.  Many risks can be minimized with good earthquake construction, and seismic analysis. One of the best ways to deal with the issue is through an earthquake scenario analysis.
In mathematical analysis, the Szegő limit theorems describe the asymptotic behaviour of the determinants of large Toeplitz matrices.[1][2][3] They were first proved by Gábor Szegő.
Muscle Shoals City School District is a school district in Colbert County, Alabama, United States.
Domingos Mãhörõ (1960 – 6 July 2020) was a chief (cacique) of the Xavante ethnic group of the Sangradouro indigenous land, in the region of General Carneiro, 449 km from Cuiabá, Mato Grosso. He was president of the indigenous cooperative of the state and was an active leader in the causes of the indigenous people; he was coordinator of Indigenous Health and in charge of the Indigenous Cooperative (Cooperativa Indígena).[1]
David Nicholson (born 23 July 1963 in Elgin, Scotland) is a British freelance journalist, broadcaster and editor. He has written for UK and international publications and websites since 1986, contributing to the Financial Times, The Daily Telegraph, The Guardian, The Wall Street Journal and The Independent,[1] among others, authoring several books, presenting television programmes and running a press agency.
Maundrell is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
"The Scarlet Ibis" is a short story written by James Hurst.[1] It was first published in The Atlantic Monthly in July 1960[2] and won the "Atlantic First" award.[3] The story has become a classic of American literature, and has been frequently republished in high school anthologies and other collections.[4]
The Switched Bride (German: Die vertauschte Braut) is a 1934 German comedy film directed by Karel Lamac and starring Anny Ondra, Anton Walbrook and Fritz Odemar.[1] It was shot at the Bavaria Studios in Munich. The film's sets were designed by the art director Benno von Arent. A separate French-language version L'amour en cage was also produced.
San Ignacio (Spanish pronunciation: [san iɣˈnasjo]) is a municipality in the Honduran department of Francisco Morazán.
Daniel Nwoke (born 16 June 1983 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian retired professional footballer who is last known to have played for Qormi of the Maltese Premier League from 2011 to 2012.
Bencion (in Catalan and Spanish, Benció) (died 916) was the count of Empúries and Rosselló from 915 to his death.  He was the son of Sunyer II of Empúries, whom he succeeded.
The Pennsylvania State Game Lands Number 38 are Pennsylvania State Game Lands in Monroe County in Pennsylvania in the United States providing hunting, bird watching, and other activities.[1]
Adilson José da Silva (born 24 January 1972) is a Brazilian professional golfer. He currently plays on the European Senior Tour and the Sunshine Tour, where he has won twelve times.
The Better Life Program for the African Rural Woman or BLPARW is a non-profit organisation which was initiated  by the late Maryam Babangida, in September 1987 in Nigeria.[1]  She was the wife of former Military President of Nigeria, Ibrahim Babangida.[2]
A Rose in the Twilight (ロゼと黄昏の古城, Rose to Tasogare no Kojō, lit. "Rose and the Old Castle of Twilight") is a puzzle-platform game with horror elements. It was created by Japanese game developer Nippon Ichi Software for the PlayStation Vita and Microsoft Windows. The game is directed and designed by Masayuki Furuya.[1] The game's art style consists exclusively of white, black, grey, and red.
The 1970 Asunción Israeli Embassy shooting was a terrorist attack on May 4, 1970, that took place at the Israeli embassy building in Asunción, Paraguay. Two embassy secretaries were shot by two Palestinian men rumored to have belonged to Fatah. It was the first attack against an Israeli embassy.[1][2]
Korea Nazarene University is a Christian university located in Cheonan, Republic of Korea.
In chemistry, coprecipitation (CPT) or co-precipitation is the carrying down by a precipitate of substances normally soluble under the conditions employed.[1] Analogously, in medicine, coprecipitation is specifically the precipitation of an unbound "antigen along with an antigen-antibody complex".[2]
Texas Highway Patrol Association and Museum (THPA or THPM) is a charity group with its administrative offices in Austin, Texas.[1] It maintains a museum in San Antonio and raises a very small amount of money, relative to the amounts donated,[2] for deceased patrol officers. It is not affiliated with the Texas Department of Public Safety.
Ahmadu Ibrahim Bello (listen), Sardauna of Sokoto (12 June 1910 – 15 January 1966), knighted as Sir Ahmadu Bello, was a conservative Nigerian statesman who masterminded Northern Nigeria through the independence of Nigeria in 1960 and served as its first and only premier from 1954 until his assassination in 1966, in which capacity he dominated national affairs for over a decade.[citation needed]
Dyar's Law (or "Dyar's Rule") is the observed standard that during development of the immature stages of an arthropod, increases in highly sclerotized body parts are predictable and regular by a relatively constant factor.[1]  The law is named after Harrison G. Dyar who in 1890 published a paper about his observation that the head capsule widths of lepidopteran larvae follow a geometric progression in growth.[2]  However, various authors have noted that an earlier publication in 1886 by W.K. Brooks independently described the same phenomenon in crustaceans,[3][4] and therefore the variant term Brooks-Dyar Law (or "Brooks Rule" or "Brooks-Dyar Rule") also commonly appears in the literature.[5][6]  The earliest known citation of either authors' observations constituting a "Law" dates to a 1925 reference to "Dyar's Law".[7]
The Colonial Sugar Refining Company built a mill at Viria, on the Rewa River, on the southern side of the island of Viti Levu on Fiji. It crushed from 1886 to 1895 and was closed because it was too small to be viable.
The Savoy Ballroom in Chicago, United States was opened on Thanksgiving Eve, November 23, 1927, at 4733 South Parkway.[1]
The Awareness Foundation, formerly the Trinity Foundation for Christianity and Culture, is a Christian charity that was established in England in 2003 for the purpose of peace-building between the Middle East and West.[2]
HUBO (Korean: 휴보; designated KHR-3) is a walking humanoid robot, head mounted on a life-size walking bipedal frame, developed by the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology (KAIST) and released on January 6, 2005. According to Hubo's creator Prof Jun-Ho Oh and his Plenary Session at ICRA 2012 entitled Development Outline of the Humanoid Robot: HUBO II the name Hubo is simply a name, not an abbreviation.
Caroline Schuch (1739–1787), was a German actor and theater director.  She was married to the actor and theater director 
Franz Schuch (1741–1771) and managed the Stadttheater Königsberg after him in 1771–1787, while touring East Prussia during the summers. Alongside her spouse, she dominated the theater stage of East Prussia in the second half of the 18th-century and with him referred to as one of the most noted actors of her time.

David Oswald Thomas (4 March 1924 – 28 May 2005) was a Welsh philosopher, best known as an interpreter of the work of Richard Price.
The diplomatic history of World War II includes the major foreign policies and interactions inside the opposing coalitions, the Allies of World War II and the Axis powers, between 1939 and 1945.
 Kitashōji Falls (北精進ケ滝, Kitashōji-ga-taki) is a waterfall in northern Yamanashi Prefecture Japan, on the Ishiutoro River, an upper tributary of the Fuji River. It is located in the Minami Alps National Park, in the city of Hokuto. The falls have a width of 35 metres (115 ft) and a drop of 121 metres (397 ft).
Blatnička is a municipality and village in Hodonín District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 400 inhabitants.
Where The Long Shadows Fall (Beforetheinmostlight) is an EP by English band Current 93. It forms the first part of the Inmost Light trilogy; the second being 1996's All The Pretty Little Horses: The Inmost Light and the last being 1996's The Starres Are Marching Sadly Home (Theinmostlightthirdandfinal). The piece consists of David Tibet's spoken and whispered vocals over eerie noises and the "long shadows" loop, which is a sample of Alessandro Moreschi, the only castrato who made recordings, singing "Domine, Domine". Barely audible at the end of the piece is John Balance speaking the improvised phrase, "Why can't we all just walk away?" A 17-second excerpt of "The Frolic", from All the Pretty Little Horses, appears as a hidden track.
Kawachi-Kosaka Station (河内小阪駅, Kawachi-Kosaka-eki, station number: A08) is a passenger railway station in located in the city of Higashiōsaka,  Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Kintetsu Railway. 
A downspout, waterspout,[1] downpipe, drain spout, drainpipe,[2] roof drain pipe,[3] or leader is a pipe for carrying rainwater from a rain gutter.
Juan Babauta
Republican
Grosgrain (/ˈɡroʊɡreɪn/ GROH-grayn,[1] also sometimes /ˈɡrɒsɡreɪn/ GROS-grayn) is a type of fabric or ribbon defined by the fact that its weft is heavier than its warp, creating prominent transverse ribs. Grosgrain is a plain weave corded[a] fabric, with heavier cords than poplin but lighter than faille,[2][3] and is known for being a firm, close-woven, fine-corded fabric.[4] Grosgrain has a dull appearance, with little luster in comparison to many fabric weaves, such as satin, often used for ribbons; however, it is comparatively very strong.[5] Grosgrain fabric is most commonly available in black, but grosgrain ribbon comes in a large variety of colors and patterns. The ribbon is very similar to Petersham ribbon in its appearance, but it does not have the ability to follow the curves of a surface or edge the way that the latter does.
The Sannio Hills are a chain of hills located in the province of Benevento, Campania, southern Italy.
Liaoning Zhongba (Sino-Brazilian) (Simplified Chinese: 辽宁中巴) was a Chinese football club its based in Liaoning, China.
Josef Moravec is a Czech paleoartist and painter currently living in the United States. He specialises in paintings of dinosaurs and has studied fossils for over 35 years to gain the necessary knowledge about them.
The 3235th Drone Squadron is a discontinued United States Air Force unit.  It was last active with the 3205th Drone Group, based at NAS Point Mugu, California.  It was discontinued on 1 January 1957.
Daday is a town in the Kastamonu Province in the Black Sea region of Turkey. It is located at 30 km west of Kastamonu. It is the seat of Daday District.[2] Its population is 2,825 (2021).[1] The town lies at an elevation of 886 m (2,907 ft).[3] The terrain is mainly mountainous and covered with pine trees. The town is located in a valley on a small river. The economy is based primarily on agriculture and forestry products. Daday is known for its famous etliekmek, the traditional food of the Kastamonu region.
With Our Wallets Full is the second EP by the American indie rock band Cold War Kids. It was recorded in November 2005. The title of this EP is taken from the lyrics of "Hair Down" - "Man, we were still just babies / Dressing up in rags with our wallets full." In February 2006, With Our Wallets Full and Up in Rags were released together by Monarchy Music as a full-length LP titled Up in Rags/With Our Wallets Full.[1]
William G. "Bill" Ouchi (born 1943) is an American professor and author in the field of business management. He is the Distinguished Professor of Management and Organizations, Sanford and Betty Sigoloff Chair in Corporate Renewal at the UCLA Anderson School of Management.
The Narrows is a channel in Southeast Alaska, U.S.A. It is the shortest and narrowest stretch of waterway separating Wrangell Island from the mainland, connecting Blake Channel and Eastern Passage.[1] It was named in 1917 by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey. It was first traversed and charted in 1793 by James Johnstone, one of George Vancouver's officers during his 1791-95 expedition.[2]
Deborah "Deb" DeHaas is the Vice Chairman, Chief Inclusion Officer & National Managing Partner of Deloitte, and the first woman to be named Midwest managing partner of Deloitte.[1] She was the first woman Chairman of the Board of Chicagoland Chamber of Commerce,[2] and she serves as a trustee of Northwestern University and the Museum of Science and Industry (Chicago).[3] DeHaas is known for her efforts toward diversity and inclusion in the workplace.[4]
The Clearwater School is an independent school in Bothell, Washington, a northern suburb of Seattle, Washington, United States.
Clearwater is a Sudbury school that serves students from ages 4 to 19.
Insect ecology is the scientific study of how insects, individually or as a community, interact with the surrounding environment or ecosystem.[1]
The 2022 Washington Spirit season was the club's ninth season of play and their ninth season in the National Women's Soccer League, the top division of women's soccer in the United States.
The New York International Arbitration Center (NYIAC) is an independent not-for-profit organization focused on providing hearing center services for international arbitrations, mediations and other forms of alternative dispute resolution under any arbitration rules. NYIAC does not administer hearings, but provides hearing rooms, breakout rooms, neutral areas and on-site support for dispute resolution cases. In addition, NYIAC organizes educational events and focuses on advancing and promoting international arbitration in New York by inviting practitioners to be involved.[1] It is located in New York City.[2]
Oceàna is an opera in three acts composed by Antonio Smareglia to a libretto in Italian by Silvio Benco [it]. It premiered at La Scala on 22 January 1903 in a performance conducted by Arturo Toscanini.[1]
"No Place Like Home" is a song written by Paul Overstreet and recorded by American country music artist Randy Travis. It was released in November 1986 as the fourth and final single from his album Storms of Life. The song reached #2 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart in March 1987.[1]
The Insanity of Normality: Toward Understanding Human Destructiveness is a book about the root causes of cruelty and violence written by psychoanalyst Arno Gruen.
Louit is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.
Al-Sabah (Arabic: الصباح, lit. 'The Morning') is a daily newspaper published in Kuwait. It also owns a TV channel.[1]
The Parrot Speaking Yiddish (Russian: Попугай, говорящий на идиш) is a 1990 Soviet adventure film directed by Efraim Sevela.[1][2][3]
Konjski Hrib (pronounced [ˈkɔːnski ˈxɾiːp]; German: Roßbüchel[1][2]) is a remote abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Semič in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.[3] Its territory is now part of the village of Planina.
Cascine di Buti is a village in Tuscany, central Italy,  administratively a frazione of the comune of Buti, province of Pisa. At the time of the 2001 census its population was 2,999.[1]
DWKT (90.3 FM), broadcasting as 90.3 Energy FM, is a radio station owned and operated by Ultrasonic Broadcasting System. Its studio, offices and transmitter are located at the 4th floor, Duque Tiongson Bldg., A.B. Fernandez Ave., Dagupan.[1][2]
Fauna of the Netherlands may refer to:
A humid subtropical climate is a temperate climate zone characterized by hot and humid summers, and cool to mild winters. These climates normally lie on the southeast side of all continents (except Antarctica), generally between latitudes 25° and 40° and are located poleward from adjacent tropical climates. It is also known as warm temperate climate in some climate classifications.[1]
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1582.
Steagald v. United States, 451 U.S. 204 (1981), is a United States Supreme Court case which held that, based on the Fourth Amendment, a police officer may not conduct a warrantless search of a third party's home in an attempt to apprehend the subject of an arrest warrant, absent consent or exigent circumstances.[1]
Nizhnekhozyatovo (Russian: Нижнехозятово; Bashkir: Түбәнге Хәжәт, Tübänge Xäjät) is a rural locality (a village) in Chishminsky Selsoviet, Chishminsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 246 as of 2010.[2] There are 4 streets.
The Carnegie Hall Concerts: December 1944 is a live album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded at Carnegie Hall, in New York City in 1944 and released on the Prestige label in 1977.[1]
Weizhou or Wei Prefecture was a zhou (prefecture) in imperial China centering on modern Weifang, Shandong, China. It existed (intermittently) from 596 until 1376 not long after the founding of the Ming dynasty.
Assyabaab Bangil is an Indonesian football club based in Pasuruan Regency, East Java. They are competing in Liga 3 and their homeground is Pogar Bangil Stadium.[3]
Lasva Parish (Estonian: Lasva vald) was a rural municipality in southeastern Estonia.[1] It was a part of Võru County. The municipality had a population of 1,811 (as of 1 October 2007) and covered an area of 172.14 km2, giving it a population density of 10.52 inhabitants/km2.
Southern Kamchadal, also known as Southern Itelmen, is an extinct Kamchatkan language of Russia. 
Andrea Malatesta (30 November 1373 – 20 September 1416[1]) was an Italian condottiero, a member of the Malatesta family of Romagna. He is also known as Malatesta da Cesena, a city he had inherited in 1385 from his father, Galeotto, together with Cervia and Bertinoro. In 1388 he was also recognized lord of Fossombrone.
ERB-dom was a magazine devoted to the works of Edgar Rice Burroughs created by Al Guillory, Jr. and Camille Cazedessus Jr. ("Caz"). It began publication in May 1960 as a mimeographed science-fiction fanzine.[1]
Tasco (also known as Tasco Worldwide) sells consumer telescopes. Tasco mainly imports telescopes for amateur astronomers but has expanded into other optical products, such as spotting scopes, microscopes, binoculars, telescopic sights, and other rifle accessories. Tasco sells via retail stores, catalogs, and online retailers. Tasco is based in Miramar, Florida. George Rosenfield founded the firm as the Tanross Supply Company in 1954. It started as a distributor of fishing tackle and hardware. The name was later shortened to Tasco as its offerings expanded to include binoculars and eyepieces.[1]
Dance Without Movement is a dark and comic[1] play by Sophia Rashid. Commissioned by Peshkar Productions, a group that aims to experiment with young British Asian theatre,[2] it is a one-woman piece focused on Zuleikha, a British Asian woman of Pakistani descent who is in the midst of a cultural divide[3] Directed by Jim Johnson (theatre-maker/musician), the play went through two tours: a 2007 one that was local to Oldham and saw Zuleikha played by Poppy Jhakra[4] Poppy Jhakra, actor, Mandy Actors and a residency at the 2008 Edinburgh Festival Fringe[3] which saw Yamina Peerzada take on the role.
Data-driven control systems are a broad family of control systems, in which the identification of the process model and/or the design of the controller are based entirely on experimental data collected from the plant.[1]
Dumarsais Estimé (born April 21, 1900, in Verrettes, died July 20, 1953, in New York) was a Haitian politician and President of the Haitian Republic from August 16, 1946, to May 10, 1950.  
The Belvidere U.S. Post Office is a historic building located in the Illinois city's downtown business district. It was built in 1911 and represents a good example of Classical Revival architecture. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places as United States Post Office-Belvidere in 2000.

Barry England (16 March 1932 – 21 May 2009)  was an English novelist and playwright. He is chiefly known for his 1968 thriller Figures in a Landscape, which was nominated for the inaugural Booker Prize.
Kurt Dombacher (9 February 1920 – 8 October 1993) was a German Luftwaffe ace during World War II. Kurt Dombacher was credited with 68 victories in 800+ missions, with 1 over Western forces and 67 over Soviet forces.  He was captured by Soviet forces in May 1945 and was held until 1950.
Beonna is an Anglo-Saxon name, and may refer to:
The Dorset Avenue Bridge is a vehicular bridge in Ventnor City, Atlantic County, New Jersey, south of in Atlantic City. The double-leaf Strauss trunnion bascule drawbridge  spans the Intracoastal Waterway (ICW) Inside Thorofare (MP 72.1) and carries CR 629 (MP 3.2) in Ventnor Heights and St Leonard's Tract on Absecon Island.
The Canton of Rivière-Salée is a former canton in the Arrondissement of Le Marin on Martinique. It had 12,708 inhabitants (2012).[1] It was disbanded in 2015. The canton comprised the commune of Rivière-Salée.[1]
Port Sulphur is a census-designated place (CDP) on the West Bank of the Mississippi River in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States; at the 2020 census, it had a population of 1,677.[2]
Adé is a city in the Kimiti department of the Sila (or Dar Sila) region in southeastern Chad. It is on the eastern border with Sudan, 100 kilometres (62 miles) south of Adré.
Razan Taha (Arabic: رزان طه; born December 29, 1991) is a Jordanian swimmer, who specialized in sprint freestyle events.[1] She represented her nation Jordan at the 2008 Summer Olympics, placing herself among the top 70 swimmers in the 50 m freestyle.
Peter Christian Weber Jr. (born August 4, 1991)[1] is an American television personality and an airline pilot. Weber placed third on season 15 of The Bachelorette, and was later cast as the star of season 24 of The Bachelor. Outside of his work on television, Weber works as a pilot for United Airlines.[2]
Taylor:       50–60%      60–70%      70–80%      80–90%
9 Circles is a play by Bill Cain based on the military career and subsequent civilian trial of murderer Steven Dale Green.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8][9][10][11][12]
Elections to the House of Representatives in Missouri for the 23rd Congress were held August 5, 1832 and August 6, 1833 for two Representatives.  Unusually, rather than a single election for both seats, the second seat was elected a year after the first.
The 1999 FIA GT Hockenheim 500 km was the third round the 1999 FIA GT Championship season. It took place at the Hockenheimring Short Circuit, Germany, on June 27, 1999.

Kenneth James Skewes (born 30 November 1984) is an Australian former cricketer who played for South Australia.[1]
The HTC Trophy (Referred to as the 7 Trophy in all countries except the US) is one of several Windows Phone handsets produced by HTC Corporation.

Anirudh Gyan Shikha (1 June 1928 – 25 November 2006; popularly known as Anwar Shaikh) was a British India-born British writer, who spent much of his adult life in Pakistan and United Kingdom, dying in Cardiff, Wales.[1]
Homology-directed repair (HDR) is a mechanism in cells to repair double-strand DNA lesions.[1] The most common form of HDR is homologous recombination.  The HDR mechanism can only be used by the cell when there is a homologous piece of DNA present in the nucleus, mostly in G2 and S phase of the cell cycle. Other examples of homology-directed repair include single-strand annealing and breakage-induced replication. When the homologous DNA is absent, another process called non-homologous end joining (NHEJ) takes place instead.[2][3]
Smorodino (Russian: Смородино) is a rural locality (a selo) in Lapshinskoye Rural Settlement, Kotovsky District, Volgograd Oblast, Russia. The population was 216 as of 2010.[2] There are 4 streets.[3]
The Olympics Triplecast was an experimental pay-per-view telecast in the United States during the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. While an ambitious project, it was a massive financial failure.
The Vilela people, or Vilelas, are an indigenous people in Argentina. Today, their few remaining descendants live primarily in the provinces of Chaco and Santiago del Estero, with smaller numbers in the Rosario and Buenos Aires urban areas. In the province of Chaco, the Vilelas live together with the Toba (or Qom) people in communities such as the Colonia Aborigen Chaco (Chaco Aboriginal Colony). They also reside in rural areas and at the periphery of large cities such as Resistencia, Sáenz Peña, Machagai, and Quitilipi. In Santiago del Estero Province, the Vilela people live in their own communities as well as in communities shared with the Lule people, with whom they are closely related and share a language family.[2]
Loyalty Islands Province (French: Province des îles Loyauté) is one of the three top-level administrative subdivisions of New Caledonia. It encompasses the Loyalty Islands (French: Îles Loyauté) archipelago in the Pacific Ocean, located northeast of the New Caledonian mainland of Grande Terre.
Mam Zineh (Persian: مامزينه, also Romanized as Mām Zīneh; also known as Mameh Zīneh)[1] is a village in Melkari Rural District, Vazineh District, Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 218, in 31 families.[2]
Mir Sikandar Ali is a Pakistani politician who is a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Balochistan.[1]
Mia Sable is an American actress, voice over artist[1][2] and singer/songwriter[3] born and raised in Charlotte, North Carolina and currently residing in Los Angeles, California. Sable has opened for well-known artists like Meiko and Sara Bareilles.[4]
The molecular formula C7H11N3O2 (molar mass: 169.18 g/mol, exact mass: 169.0851 u) may refer to:
A special election was held in Pennsylvania's 4th congressional district on October 8, 1805 to fill a vacancy left by the death of John A. Hanna (DR) on July 23, 1805,[1] before the first session of the 9th Congress.
Lois Privor-Dumm is an expert in the field of vaccine introduction.  She is especially recognized for her work with new vaccine introduction, which has included strategies to accelerate access in low and middle-income countries, policy research, advocacy, communications and large country introduction.
Georgina Temperley, BA MB BS, née Bourke (1880 – 19 August 1936) was an Australian medical doctor, remembered as the founder of One Woman, One Recruit, a patriotic organisation in Victoria during the Great War of 1914–1918.
Lee Sang-min (Korean: 이상민; Hanja: 李尙敏; born June 24, 1973)[2][3] is a South Korean singer, songwriter, record producer and television personality. He is a former member of the hip hop and dance group Roo'ra.[4] He is also best known for being a cast member of the variety shows Knowing Bros and My Little Old Boy.
VTPR (short for Volume-Translated Peng–Robinson)[1][2]
is an estimation method for the calculation of phase equilibria of mixtures of chemical components. The original goal for the development of this method was to enable the estimation of properties of mixtures which contain supercritical components. These class of substances couldn't be predicted with established models like UNIFAC.
The Mitsubishi 3B2 engine is a family of all-alloy three cylinder engines developed by Mitsubishi Motors, first produced in December 2005 at the company's Mizushima powertrain facility in Kurashiki, Okayama,[1] for introduction in their 2006 Mitsubishi i kei car. All engines developed within this family have aluminum cylinder block and head, double overhead camshafts, four valves per cylinder, and MIVEC continuous variable valve timing.[1][2]
"Drop the Game" is a song by the Australian musicians Flume and Chet Faker. It was released on 18 November 2013, by Future Classic from their EP, Lockjaw. The song peaked at number 18 on the ARIA Singles Chart and was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association for shipments exceeding 70,000 copies.[1] It was voted number five on radio station Triple J's Hottest 100 of 2013.[2] The song was also nominated for Best Dance Release at the ARIA Music Awards of 2014, but it lost to "High" by Peking Duk.
Fitz William McMaster (March 23, 1826 – September 10, 1899) was an American lawyer and politician.

Manjit Tiwana (born 1947) is an Indian poet.
Walter Hieber (18 December 1895 – 29 November 1976) was an inorganic chemist, known as the father of metal carbonyl chemistry.[1][2]   He was born 18 December 1895 and died 29 November 1976.  Hieber's father was Johannes Hieber, an influential evangelical minister and politician.  
Wysokie [vɨˈsɔkʲɛ] is a village in Lublin County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wysokie. It lies approximately 39 km (24 mi) south of the regional capital Lublin.[1]
Johannes Andersen (1890–1980) was a Danish hornist and composer. He wrote a number of pieces for orchestra, as well as a handful of chamber works.[1]
The Great Marsh (also sometimes called the Great Salt Marsh[1]) is a long, continuous saltmarsh in eastern New England extending from Cape Ann in northeastern Massachusetts to the southeastern coast of New Hampshire.[2] It includes roughly 20,000–30,000[2][3][4] acres of saltwater marsh, mudflats, islands, sandy beaches, dunes, rivers, and other water bodies.[2] The Great Marsh comprises much of the northeastern half of Essex County, Massachusetts, and touches the towns and cities of Gloucester, Essex, Ipswich, Rowley, Newbury,  Newburyport, and Salisbury in Massachusetts as well as the towns of Seabrook and Hampton in New Hampshire.[5][6] It is a designated Important Bird Area.[1]
The Nidau-Büren Canal (German: Nidau-Büren-Kanal, French: Canal de Nidau-Büren) is a 12-kilometer (7.5 mi)-long canal that drains the waters of the river Aare out of the Lake of Biel/Bienne toward Solothurn. It was dug as an important part of the first Jura water correction.
The New Mexico State Aggies football statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the New Mexico State Aggies football program in various categories,[1] including passing, rushing, receiving, total offense, defensive stats, and kicking. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Aggies represent New Mexico State University in the NCAA's Sun Belt Conference.[2]
Professor Basimah Yusuf Butrus (Syriac: ܒܐܣܡܐ ܝܘܣܦ ܦܛܪܘܣ) (or Basmah Yousif Putros; born 1963 in Erbil, Iraqi Kurdistan) is an Iraqi Assyrian politician who was Minister of Science and Technology in the Iraqi Transitional Government from May 2005 until May 2006. She was then the only Christian Minister in Iraq. She graduated from Salahaddin University-Erbil, earning master's degree in biochemistry. Religiously, Basmah belongs to the Chaldean Catholic Church and politically is part of the Assyrian Democratic Movement.[1] She is a human rights activist in Iraqi Kurdistan and is a member of the Catholic humanitarian organization named Caritas.
The E-Cedi is a proposed central bank digital currency (CBDC) for Ghana. Dr. Ernest Addison is the Governor of the Bank of Ghana. In June 2021, he announced the development of the E-Cedi.
A leading edge inflatable kite (LEI) is a single skin kite with inflatable bladders providing structure. It is useful as a power or traction kite. These kites are flown using 2, 4 or 5 control lines and a bar. (See also: kite control systems) A LEI is a great kite for water use because the inflated bladders cause it to float on the water surface. A LEI can sit on the water for an indefinite time and still be relaunched because, unlike a foil kite, there are no chambers that can fill with water. Generally used for kitesurfing and kiteboarding, leading edge inflatable kites come in many different sizes, most commonly from 5 to 18 square metres.
Cristina Tárrega (Valencia, 1968) is a Spanish television presenter.[1]
RK-Bro was an American professional wrestling tag team composed of Randy Orton and Matt Riddle. They are both currently signed to WWE, where they perform on the Raw brand. The team's name is derived from Orton's initials and finisher "RKO" and combined with Riddle's catchphrase, "Bro". They are former two-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champions.

Huntingdon Castle was situated in the town of Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire (grid reference TL240714).
InstallAnywhere is a Java-based software tool for creating installers or software packages, for multiple platforms. It can also be used to create Virtual Appliances for Linux platforms using an existing installers or software packages. InstallAnywhere was originally made by Zero G Software until it was acquired by Macrovision in 2005,[1] which later sold their software group, and InstallAnywhere became owned and supported by the spinoff Acresso Software, which in 2009 changed its name to Flexera Software.[2] While previously there were 2 editions of InstallAnywhere, Professional and Premier, with additional Cloud and Virtualization add-on packs, as of the 2018 release, InstallAnywhere consolidated all features into 1 edition.[3]
Larry L. Jacoby is an American cognitive psychologist specializing in research on human memory.  He is particularly known for his work on the interplay of consciously controlled versus more automatic influences of memory.
Sisaket Hospital (Thai: โรงพยาบาลศรีสะเกษ) is the main hospital of Sisaket Province, Thailand. It is classified under the Ministry of Public Health as a regional hospital. It has a CPIRD Medical Education Center which trains doctors for the College of Medicine and Public Health of Ubon Ratchathani University.
In mathematical optimization, a feasible region, feasible set, search space, or solution space is the set of all possible points (sets of values of the choice variables) of an optimization problem that satisfy the problem's constraints, potentially including inequalities, equalities, and integer constraints.[1] This is the initial set of candidate solutions to the problem, before the set of candidates has been narrowed down.
North Branch Shamokin Creek (also known as Beaver Creek) is a tributary of Shamokin Creek in Columbia County and Northumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is approximately 4.8 miles (7.7 km) long and flows through Conyngham Township in Columbia County and Mount Carmel Township in Northumberland County.[1] The watershed of the creek has an area of 5.73 square miles (14.8 km2). The entirety of the creek is designated as an impaired waterbody due to metals from abandoned mine drainage. It is acidic, but its pH has been increasing. Underground mine complexes occur within the watershed. The creek has a permeable streambed and experiences flow loss.
William Beck Ochiltree (October 18, 1811 – December 27, 1867), was a settler, judge, and legislator in Texas. In 1963, Recorded Texas Historic Landmark Number 967, honoring Colonel Ochiltree, was placed at the courthouse in Perryton.[1]
The Odesa operation (1919) or the Odesa landing was a successful amphibious military operation by the White Armed Forces of South Russia against the troops of the Red Army and the Odesa garrison on 20–24 August 1919. The success of the operation would have been impossible without a coordinated anti-Bolshevik insurrection in the city itself. The operation was carried out in the development of the "Moscow directive" of the AFSR (paragraph 6).
The 1940 Drake Bulldogs football team was an American football represented Drake University in the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1940 college football season. In its eighth season under head coach Vee Green, the team compiled a 4–5 record (2–2 against MVC opponents), tied for third place in the MVC, and outscored opponents by a total of 125 to 108.[1]
Khijadiya Bird Sanctuary is a bird sanctuary[2] located in Jamnagar district of Gujarat, India. About 300 species of migratory birds have been recorded here.[2]
Heideweiher is a lake in Hopsten, Kreis Steinfurt, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. At an elevation of 45 m, its surface area is 2 ha.
Legutio (also known as Legutiano; Villarreal de Álava in Spanish) is a town and municipality located in the province of Álava, in the Basque Country, northern Spain.
The 1994–95 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup was the 16th World Cup season in ski jumping and the 5th official World Cup season in ski flying. It began in Planica, Slovenia on 10 December 1994 and finished in Oberstdorf, Germany on 25 February 1995. The individual World Cup was won by Andreas Goldberger and Nations Cup by Finland.
There were a total of four Somali detainees in Guantanamo of 
a total of 778 detainees that have been held in the Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba since the camps opened on January 11, 2002.
The camp population peaked in 2004 at approximately 660.  Only nineteen new suspects, all "high value detainees" have been transferred there since the United States Supreme Court's ruling in Rasul v. Bush.  As of January 2008 the camp population stands at approximately 285.[1]
Under Jakob's Ladder is an independent drama film by CubeCity Entertainment. Based on a true story, it tells how a teacher named Jakob Seel is arrested and thrown into a Soviet prison in 1938. Mann Munoz directed the film and Roberto Munoz produced. Jeff Stewart plays the lead role of Jakob Seel. The film also stars Christopher Elliott, Sal Rendino, Quentin McCuiston, Sean Patrick Folster, Matthew R. Staley, Chloe Roe, and Ken Jennings.
Tetsuo Katsuta Japanese: 勝田哲夫 (born March 21, 1978) is a Japanese[1] mixed martial artist.[2] He competed in the Featherweight[3] division.
Guden Khan (Mongolian: гүдэн хаан; Chinese: 庫騰汗), who was born Daraisung (or Darayisung; Mongolian: Дарайсүн; Chinese: 打來孫), (1520–1557) was a khagan of the Northern Yuan dynasty, reigning from 1547 to 1557. He was the eldest son of Bodi Alagh Khan, whom he succeeded as khagan.
The 6th Field Artillery Regiment is a Field Artillery Branch regiment of the United States Army first activated in 1907 from numbered companies of artillery. It was first organized with two battalions.
John O'Neal (1841—after 1872) was an Irish-born United States Navy sailor who received the Medal of Honor for heroism on April 12, 1872.
Grandmaster Vicente "Vic" R. Sanchez was a Filipino martial artist and the founder of Kali Arnis International.
The 1997 Algarve Cup was the fourth edition of the Algarve Cup, an invitational women's association football tournament. It took place between 10  and 16 March 1997 in Portugal with Norway winning the event for the third time in its history, defeating the PR China, 1-0 in the final-game. Sweden ended up third defeating Denmark, 6-5 following a penalty shootout, in the third prize-game.[1]
10-Methacryloyloxydecyl dihydrogen phosphate (10-MDP, MDP Monomer) is used for dental adhesive materials. The phosphate monomer was developed by Kuraray co., Ltd. with focus on the dental adhesion technology in 1981.[1]
Statistics of Bahraini Premier League in the 1979–80 season.
Martínez Campos was the home stadium of Racing de Madrid between 1918 and 1930. They played before in Campo de Hermosilla for 1 year, and in Campo de La Exposición for 3 years.[1]
In 1930 Racing de Madrid moved to play their home games in Campo de Fútbol de Vallecas for another 2 years before dissolving in 1932.
The Korea Women's Open is a women's professional golf tournament in South Korea, sanctioned by the LPGA of Korea Tour.[1]
Konda–Yahadian is a pair of South Bird's Head languages spoken in Western New Guinea:
Ahmet Arslan (born 1986 in Gazipaşa, Antalya) is a long-distance runner from Turkey competing in mountain running. He is a six time successive champion of European Mountain Running Championships.
The House of Kostojčinoski family, or House of Kostojčinovci is a house in the village of Vevčani, Vevčani Municipality, North Macedonia. The house belongs to the Kostojčinoski family and the building is registered as a Cultural Heritage of North Macedonia.[1]
Oscar Kahl (Thai: ออสการ์ คาห์ล; born 17 October 1997) is a Thai retired footballer who plays as a defender or midfielder.
Bisheh Zard (Persian: بيشه زرد, also Romanized as Bīsheh Zard)[1] is a village in Miyan Deh Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Fasa County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 410, in 78 families.[2]

The following is the list of ASEAN countries by the Human Development Index as well as when it's adjusted by inequality.[1] As of the latest report, Singapore has the highest HDI in ASEAN and Asia in general at 0.938, and Myanmar has the lowest HDI in ASEAN at 0.583. The inequality-adjusted report also has Singapore at the top with 0.823, and Myanmar having the lowest with 0.445.[2]
Gijs van Beek (born 21 July 1971 in Rhenen) is a Dutch sport shooter. He competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics in the men's skeet event, in which he tied for 12th place.[1]
Oneness: Silver Dreams - Golden Reality is a 1979 album by Carlos Santana.  It was his second of three solo albums (the others being Illuminations and The Swing of Delight) to be released under his temporary Sanskrit name Devadip Carlos Santana, given to him by Sri Chinmoy. The album, which consists mostly of instrumental songs and ballads, features members of the band Santana, as well as Carlos Santana's first wife Deborah and father-in-law Saunders King.[3] According to Santana, Oneness was influenced by Weather Report's album Mysterious Traveller.[4] The track "Transformation Day" is an adaptation of part of Alan Hovhaness's symphonic work Mysterious Mountain.[3]
Kaname Island is a small, isolated island which lies about 40 kilometres (22 nmi) northwest of Padda Island in Lützow-Holm Bay, Antarctica. The island was discovered by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE) during helicopter reconnaissance flights from East Ongul Island in the 1969–70 season. The name "Kaname-jima" (chief or important island) was given by JARE Headquarters in 1972.[1]
Nawada district is one of the thirty-eight districts of the Indian state of Bihar. Nawada is its administrative headquarters. The district is the easternmost district of the Magadh division, one of the nine administrative divisions of Bihar. The area of the modern district was historically part of the Magadha, Shunga and Gupta empires. Koderma and Giridih districts of the state of Jharkhand lie on the southern border of the district; it also shares borders with the Gaya, Nalanda, Sheikhpura, and Jamui districts of Bihar.
Suriname competed at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom from August 29 to September 9, 2012.[1]

The List of American and Canadian Graded races is a list of Thoroughbred horse races in the United States and Canada that meet the graded stakes standards maintained by the American Graded Stakes Committee of the Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association (TOBA)[1] and the Jockey Club of Canada.  A specific grade level (I, II, III or listed) is then assigned to the race, based on statistical analysis of the quality of the field in previous years, provided the race meets the minimum purse criteria for the grade in question.[1]
The Most Worshipful National Grand Lodge Free & Accepted Ancient York Masons Prince Hall Origin National Compact USA (also referred to as Prince Hall Origin as well as Compact Masons) is a body of Masonry in the United States of America composed predominantly of African American Freemasons. The body to govern Grand Lodges within the United States.
Szczypiornia [ʂt͡ʂɨˈpjɔrɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lutocin, within Żuromin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) west of Żuromin and 128 km (80 mi) north-west of Warsaw.
Palazzo Ajutamicristo is a Late-Gothic and Renaissance-style aristocratic palace located on VIa Garibaldi #23 of the ancient Kalsa quarter of  Palermo, region of Sicily, Italy. It rises about a block south of Piazza Rivoluzione.
Mayoral elections:
Antoine V de Gramont (January 1672 – September 16, 1725), Duke of Guiche, was a Marshal of France.
Viersen (German pronunciation: [ˈfiːɐ̯zn̩]) is a Kreis (district) in the west of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. Neighboring districts are Cleves, Wesel, district-free Krefeld, Neuss, district-free Mönchengladbach, Heinsberg and the Dutch province of Limburg.
Bazhergah (Persian: باژرگه, also Romanized as Bāzhergah; also known as Bājergeh)[1] is a village in Sumay-ye Shomali Rural District, Sumay-ye Beradust District, Urmia County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 115, in 16 families.[2]
Ice Wireless is a Canadian mobile network operator and telecommunications company that provides 4G/LTE mobility services, mobile broadband Internet, and fixed line telephone in Canada's northern territories: Yukon, the Northwest Territories, Nunavut, and Nunavik, Quebec. The company's corporate headquarters are located in Markham, Ontario.
FC Spartak Gorno-Altaysk (Russian: «Спартак» (Горно‑Алтайск)) was a Russian football team from Gorno-Altaysk. It played professionally in 1992 in the Russian Second Division, taking 11th place in the Zone 6.
Rodrigo Iñigo del Hoyo (born August 29, 1985) is a Mexican former professional footballer who last played for CD El Álamo.
In the historical study of mathematics, an apotome is a line segment formed from a longer line segment by breaking it into two parts, one of which is commensurable only in power to the whole; the other part is the apotome. In this definition, two line segments are said to be "commensurable only in power" when the ratio of their lengths is an irrational number but the ratio of their squared lengths is rational.[1]
From Black Power to Hip-Hop: Racism, Nationalism, and Feminism is a 2006 book by Patricia Hill Collins. Published by Temple University Press, the book is centered around Patricia Hill and her experiences with racism in America. The book also includes experiences from other Black men and women and their responses to it. In the end she offers her take on Black youth and how its changing along with how Black nationalism works today.
Ilya Zhdanov (Russian: Илья Жданов; born 21 September 1990) is a Russian male badminton player.[1][2]
The Burano is a river in the Umbria and Marche regions of Italy. Its source is in the province of Perugia in the Appennino Umbro-Marchigiano mountains.[1] The river crosses the border into the province of Pesaro e Urbino and flows north near Monte Catria, Cantiano, Monte Nerone, and Cagli before entering the Candigliano at Acqualagna.[2]
The 2012–13 Meralco Bolts season was the third season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).
Laff That Off is a play in three acts by Don Mullally.[1] It premiered on Broadway at Wallack's Theatre on November 2, 1925.[2] It moved to the 39th Street Theatre midway through its Broadway run in December 1925.[3] It closed in June 1926 after 263 performances. Produced by Earl Carroll and directed by Roy Walling, the play starred Thomas W. Ross as Robt. Elton Morse, a.k.a. "Remorse" and Pauline Drake as Emmy, a.k.a. "Mopupus". Others in the cast included Wyrley Birch as Mike Connelly, Shirley Booth as Peggy Bryant,
Alan Bunce as Leo Mitchell, Hattie Foley as Mrs. Connelly, and Norval Keedwell as Arthur Lindau.[2]
Dreadlocks, also known as locs or dreads, are rope-like strands of hair formed by matting or braiding hair.[2]
Jettatore is a 1938 Argentine musical drama film directed by Luis Bayon Herrera. The film premiered in Buenos Aires on August 10, 1938 and starred Tito Lusiardo and Pedro Quartucci.[1] It is a tango musical and is based on a play by Gregorio de Laferrere.[2] The cinematography and editing of the film were performed by Francisco Múgica, who also served as a technical advisor to the films.
Alphonse François Marie Guérin (French pronunciation: ​[alfɔ̃s fʁɑ̃swa maʁi ɡeʁɛ̃]; August 9, 1816 – February 21, 1895) was a French surgeon who was a native of Ploërmel.
Access Media 3 (“AM3”) is an Internet, television and telephone  provider service company based in Oak Brook, Illinois. The company specializes in providing services to multi-dwelling units such as condominiums, apartments, retirement communities and student housing. At present, AM3 serves clients in Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Minnesota, Tennessee, Texas, North Carolina,  Virginia, and Washington, DC.[1]  Currently, AM3 serves approximately 50,000 revenue generating units (RGUs) in over 450 properties. AM3 also conducts business as Upstream Network, in an effort to distance itself from the tarnished Access Media 3 branding.[2]
Jean Vautrin (17 May 1933 – 16 June 2015), real name Jean Herman, was a French writer, filmmaker and film critic.[2]
Marina di Pisa is a seaside resort of Tuscany, in central Italy.
It is a frazione of the provincial capital of Pisa, which lies about 10 km to the east. 
Irakli Abuseridze (Georgian: ირაკლი აბუსერიძე, pronounced [iɾɑkʼli ɑbusɛɾidzɛ]; born November 25, 1977 in Tbilisi) is a Georgian rugby union player who plays as a scrum-half. Abuseridze is the most capped player of all time for the Georgia national rugby union team.
Brian Mercer "Old Man of the Mountain"[1] Timmis[2] (December 5, 1899 – August 22, 1971) was a star senior Canadian football player in the Saskatchewan Rugby Football Union (SRFU) and Interprovincial Rugby Football Union (IRFU) for a combined 17 seasons, mainly for the Hamilton Tigers. He is a three-time Grey Cup champion as a player, having won with the Tigers in 1928, 1929, and 1932. He later coached the Hamilton Flying Wildcats, leading them to the 1943 Grey Cup championship. He was an inaugural member of the Canadian Football Hall of Fame in 1963 and was also inducted into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame in 1975. Brian Timmis Stadium in Hamilton, Ontario was named after him.

Gola Ganj (Urdu: گولہ گنج, Hindi: गोला गंज) is a neighbourhood in the city of Lucknow in the Awadh region of Uttar Pradesh, India. It is home to the famous Lucknow Christian College,[1] Balrampur Hospital and Shahid Apartment.
Gola Ganj is situated near Kaiserbagh bus station.
Isfossnipa Peak (73°9′S 1°30′W﻿ / ﻿73.150°S 1.500°W﻿ / -73.150; -1.500) is a peak 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Austvorren Ridge, surmounting the eastern part of the Neumayer Cliffs in Queen Maud Land, Antarctica. It was photographed from the air by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–39). It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by the Norwegian–British–Swedish Antarctic Expedition (1949–1952), led by John Schjelderup Giæver, and from air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named "Isfossnipa" (the icefall peak).[1]
Buona la prima! is an Italian television series based on the format Schillerstraße.
Kyoritsu Women's University (共立女子大学, Kyōritsu joshi daigaku) is a private women's college in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan, established in 1949.
The Battle of Verona was fought on 18 October 1805 between the French Army of Italy under the command of André Masséna and an Austrian army led by Archduke Charles, Duke of Teschen. By the end of the day, Massena seized a bridgehead on the east bank of the Adige River, driving back the defending troops under Josef Philipp Vukassovich. The action took place near the city of Verona in northern Italy during the War of the Third Coalition, part of the Napoleonic Wars.
The Bushnell-Dickinson House is a historic house at 170 Old Post Road in Old Saybrook, Connecticut.  With a construction history dating to about 1790, it is a fine local example of Federal period residential architecture. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1978.[1]
Dasse Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Moyamba District of Sierra Leone.[1][2] Its capital is Mano.
Ōgo (大胡町, Ōgo-machi) was a town located in Seta District, Gunma Prefecture, Japan.
The 1903 Tennessee Docs football team represented University of Tennessee College of Medicine as an independent during the 1903 college football season. The team was beaten by the Cumberland Bulldogs, co-champions of the Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association (SIAA), 86 to 0.[1][2] The Tennessee Docs also lost to Ole Miss 17 to 0.[3]
Phuan or Northeastern Lao is a Tai language spoken in Laos, Thailand and Cambodia.[1][2]
USS Pinnacle (AM-462/MSO-462) was an Aggressive-class minesweeper acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of removing mines that had been placed in the water to prevent the safe passage of ships.
The 1st North-West Legislative Assembly lasted from 1888 to 1891. This Assembly was the third in the history of the Northwest Territories. It marked a huge milestone, bringing responsible government to the territory for the first time.
Loganville High School (LHS) is located in Walton County, Georgia, United States. Loganville is 35 miles (56 km) east of Atlanta and 38 miles (61 km) west of Athens. The school is a part of the Walton County School District.
Eisendrath is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Yé-yé team was the name given to the generation of all-Spanish Real Madrid players that dominated Spanish football in the 1960s.[1] The team was captained by the veteran player Francisco Gento who won the European Cup five times with Alfredo Di Stefano in the 1950s. He would lead a group of younger players that included José Araquistáin, Pachín, Pedro de Felipe, Manuel Sanchís, Pirri, Ignacio Zoco, Fernando Serena, Amancio Amaro, Ramón Grosso and Manuel Velázquez. This group of younger players sometimes were considered to be hippies because they wore longer hair than the previous generation. The name "Yé-yé" came from the "Yeah, yeah, yeah" chorus in The Beatles' song "She Loves You" after four members of the team posed for Marca impersonating the Beatles.[1] "Yé-yé" was also how youngsters were called in Spain in the sixties when Beatlemania was catching on around the world, as well as a musical style popular in Spain in that decade.
Pearn "Peter" Niiler (1937, Tartu, Estonia,  – 15 October 2010, San Diego) was an American oceanographer.
Mustahīl (Amharic: ሙስታሂል, Somali: Mustaxiil) is a town in eastern Ethiopia, close to the border with Somalia. Located in the Gode Zone in the Somali Region and straddling the Shabelle River, it has a latitude and longitude of 5°15′N 44°44′E﻿ / ﻿5.250°N 44.733°E﻿ / 5.250; 44.733 with an altitude of 193 meters above sea level. It is the main town of the Mustahīl woreda.
Iwate Menkoi Television Co., Ltd. (岩手めんこいテレビ株式会社, Iwate Menkoi Terebi Kabushikigaisha, mit) is a TV station affiliated with Fuji News Network (FNN) and Fuji Network System (FNS) in Morioka, Iwate.
In biochemistry, the oxygen effect refers to a tendency for increased radiosensitivity of free living cells and organisms in the presence of oxygen than in anoxic or hypoxic conditions, where the oxygen tension is less than 1% of atmospheric pressure (i.e., <1% of 101.3 kPa, 760 mmHg or 760 torr).
Peter Humphreys is a Papua New Guinean politician. He was the Governor of West New Britain Province and the member for West New Britain Provincial in the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea from 2007 to 2012.
Təzəkənd (also, Tazakend) is a village and municipality in the Beylagan Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 2,880. 
Rovensky District (Russian: Ро́веньский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the twenty-one in Belgorod Oblast, Russia.[1] As a municipal division, it is incorporated as Rovensky Municipal District.[6] It is located in the southeast of the oblast. The area of the district is 1,369 square kilometers (529 sq mi).[8]} Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Rovenki.[2] Population: 22,764 (2021 Census);[9] 24,060 (2010 Census);[3] 25,085 (2002 Census);[10] 24,384 (1989 Census).[11] The population of Rovenki accounts for 48.1% of the district's total population.[9]
Ferrières Abbey was a Benedictine monastery situated at Ferrières-en-Gâtinais in the arrondissement of Montargis, in the département of Loiret, France.
The 1907 Franklin Baptists football team represented Franklin College of Indiana during the 1907 college football season.[2]

Jeremy Dennis Morley (born 20 October 1950 in Newmarket, Suffolk) is an English former cricketer active from 1969 to 1976 who played for Sussex. He appeared in 72 first-class matches as a lefthanded batsman who bowled right arm medium pace and sometimes kept wicket. He scored 2,752 runs with a highest score of 127 and took no wickets. He completed 27 matches with one stumping.[1]
Ariel Mauricio Flores Gómez (born February 10, 1977) is a Mexican sport shooter.[2] He won a bronze medal in men's skeet shooting at the 2007 Pan American Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, and gold at the 2008 ISSF World Cup series in Kerrville, Texas, accumulating scores of 144 and 147 targets, respectively.[1][3][4]
Debbie Gary Callier (b. February 24, 1948)[1] is an American air show pilot.[2] She began flying at age nineteen, and was the first woman to fly in a formation aerobatic team.[3] She also wrote the Bellanca Pilot Proficiency Training Manual.[2]
Barney Creek is a former name for a creek within Amherst Township, Lorain County, Ohio. It is possibly an alternate name for Little Beaver Creek, or perhaps was simply a typographical-error for "Barnes Creek".[1] Modern maps do not have "Little Beaver Creek" labeled separately, but only designate it as being a sub-branch of Beaver Creek.[2][3]
Semigory (Russian: Семигоры) is a rural locality (a village) in Kubenskoye Rural Settlement, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 12 as of 2002.[2]
Hafun (Somali: Xaafuun; Arabic: حافون; Ancient Greek: Οπώνη, romanized: Opṓnē, Italian: Dante) is a town in the northeastern Bari province of Somalia. Situated in Ras Hafun on the coast of the Guardafui Channel, it is the centre of the Hafun District, and the easternmost town in continental Africa (this means that it sees the first sunrise on the African continent). It is an ancient town previously known as Opone.
Karcher v. May, 484 U.S. 72 (1987), was a school prayer case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the former presiding officers of the New Jersey legislature did not have Article III standing to appeal a case, as that standing had passed on to their legislative successors.[1]
The Montreal Annexation Manifesto was a political document dated September 14, 1849, and signed in Montreal, Canada East, calling for the Province of Canada's annexation by the United States.[1]
The Landgraves of Leuchtenberg were a Bavarian ruling dynasty of the Middle Ages, originally based in Leuchtenberg and later in Pfreimd. Their area of influence extended far beyond the borders of their home in the Upper Palatinate: the Landgravate was the largest secular non-Wittelsbach realm in Bavaria in their time. The original dynasty was first mentioned in 1146 in connection with a nobleman named Gebhard.[1] Gebhard had three sons: Friedrich I (who died at age 9); Gebhard II whose descendants became the senior, Landgrave line; and Marquad, whose descendants formed the cadet branch. Marquad died in action accompanying his brother on a campaign in Italy. Emperor Friedrich Barbarossa awarded Gebhard's second eldest son, Gebhard II, the title of Count in 1158.[2] The title of Landgrave was awarded to his son Diepold.[3][4] The last of the Landgrave line was Maximilian Adam, who died in 1646.
The Devil Dogs were an American, New York-based garage punk band, started in 1989 by Andy Gortler (guitars), Steve Baise (bass) and Paul Corio (drums).
Thirukonasala Vaipavam is an important literary work in Tamil on the history of historic Koneswaram Temple, Trincomalee, Sri Lanka.
Methodios II (Greek: Μεθόδιος Β΄) (? – 1240) served as Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople (in exile due to the Fourth Crusade) for three months in 1240, when he died. He succeeded Germanus II.
Villardeciervos is a municipality located in the province of Zamora, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 515 inhabitants (cervatos/as).


The New Year Honours 1994 were appointments by most of the sixteen Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries, and honorary ones to citizens of other countries. They were announced on 31 December 1993 to celebrate the year passed and mark the beginning of 1994 in the United Kingdom,[1] New Zealand,[2] the Bahamas,[3] Grenada,[4] Papua New Guinea,[5] the Solomon Islands,[6] Saint Vincent and the Grenadines,[7] Antigua and Barbuda,[8] and Saint Christopher and Nevis.[9]
Destroyer Force, United States Pacific Fleet, usually known as COMDESPAC, was a type command of the United States Pacific Fleet from 1940 until the Destroyer Force was combined with Cruisers, Pacific Fleet and in 1975 type command functions of both were transferred to Commander, Naval Surface Forces Pacific. The Pacific Fleet Destroyer Force comprised the Destroyers of the fleet (DD) operating in Pacific Fleet area of responsibility. The Commander, Destroyers, Pacific Fleet supervised the assignments, basing, maintenance of the destroyers, the training of crews and reported to the Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CinCPac), on Destroyer operations.
Nasıl Delirdim? (How Did I Go Mad?) is the fifth studio album by Turkish singer Hande Yener. It was released on 15 May 2007 by Erol Köse Production. The album contains elements of electronic, pop, house, downtempo, dance and club music, and was the singer's first studio album since the 2006 release of Apayrı. Nine of the album's songs were written and composed by Boaz Aldujeli, making him the songwriter whose name appears the most in the album. Hande Yener served as the album's producer.
Jakob Wilhelm Roux (13 April 1771, Jena - 22 August 1830, Heidelberg) was a German painter and draughtsman.
The Boone History Center, previously known as the Champlin Memorial Masonic Temple,  is a historic building in Boone, Iowa. Constructed in 1907 as the Champlin Memorial Masonic Temple, the building housed Mt. Olive Lodge No. 79 (a local chapter of the Freemasons) until 1990 (when the lodge moved to a new building).  It now houses the Boone County Historical Society.[2][3]
Albisheim is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis, Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is in the middle of the Zellertal.
In molecular biology, SNORA9 (also known as ACA9) is a member of the H/ACA class of small nucleolar RNA that guide the sites of modification of uridines to pseudouridines.[1]
Tchiamba-Nzassi is a district in the Kouilou Region of Republic of the Congo.[1][2]

Jakub Kania (July 11, 1872 in Stare Siołkowice near Opole – December 3, 1957 in Stare Siołkowice) was a Polish poet, folk writer and national activist. He published in Gazeta Opolska and Katolik. During World War I he fought in the Western front. After the war he took part in the III Silesian Uprising. He was a member of the Union of Poles in Germany and of a Polish-Catholic society "Oświata".[1]
USC&GS Hilgard (ASV 82).[1] was a survey ship that served in the United States Coast and Geodetic Survey from 1942 to 1967.
Dathan is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Hanover Crossing is a retail area under redevelopment, with Macy's as the only anchor remaining open.
Favorites and Rarities is a 1993 compilation album by American musician Don McLean.
Flore Vandenhoucke (born 15 March 1995) is a Belgian badminton player.[2][3] She competed at the 2015 and 2019 European Games.[1]
"Pet Sematary" is a single by American punk rock band Ramones, from their 1989 album Brain Drain. The song, originally written for the Stephen King 1989 film adaptation of the same name, became one of the Ramones' biggest radio hits and was a staple of their concerts during the 1990s.[2] The song plays over the film’s credits.[3]
Fernando Maria Costa Duarte Ulrich (born 26 April 1952 in Lisbon) is a Portuguese economist and banking administrator. He has been the chief executive officer of Banco Português de Investimento (BPI) since 2004.
Richard Seburn Tyler Jr.[1] (born October 10, 1957) is an American pastor, and political candidate from Tennessee. Tyler first attracted significant media attention in 2016 when he erected a billboard that read "Make America White Again" when running for the United States House of Representatives as an independent. He has unsuccessfully run for multiple offices since 2010, and announced that he would run for President in 2020 on the American Freedom Party ticket.
Kingman Pass el. 7,119 feet (2,170 m) is a mountain pass between Terrance Mountain and Bunsen Peak on the Grand Loop Road (U.S. Route 89), just south of Mammoth Hot Springs in Yellowstone National Park.  The pass is named for Lieutenant Dan Christie Kingman of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.  Kingman rebuilt this difficult portion of the Grand Loop Road in the area known as The Golden Gate in 1883.[2]
The Fifteenth G15 summit was held in Colombo, Sri Lanka in 2012.
The Kaiser Foundation is a mental health organization based in Canada. Its stated mission is to assist individuals and communities in preventing and reducing the harm associated with problem substance use and addictive behaviours.  Although founded by a related person, it is not the same organisation as the Kaiser Family Foundation based in the United States. It was founded in 1985 by Edgar Kaiser Jr.
Kim Bôi is a rural district of Hòa Bình province in the Northwest region of Vietnam. As of 2019, the district had a population of 118,767.[3] The district covers an area of 551.03 km2. The district capital lies at Bo.[4] It is famous for such sites as Kim Boi Hot Springs and Serena Resorts. 
Castelletto Uzzone is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Cuneo in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) southeast of Turin and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Cuneo. 
Castelletto Uzzone borders the following municipalities: Dego, Gottasecca, Levice, Pezzolo Valle Uzzone, Piana Crixia, and Prunetto.
This is a list of former and current narrow-gauge railways in India. All railways except the heritage ones are closed or under conversion/are converted to the nation-wide standard 5 ft 6 in (1,676 mm) gauge, under Project Unigauge.
Oshima Shipbuilding Co., Ltd. is a privately held Japanese shipbuilding company.  The company was founded on February 7, 1973, and began operations in June 1974.[1][2]  It is a joint venture between Sumitomo Corporation, Sumitomo Heavy Industries, and the Daizo Corporation.[2]
Whether they are called carnavales, charangas or parrandas, large public celebrations dating at least (in Santiago de Cuba) as far back as the 17th century are common throughout Cuba.  However, among Cubans, the Carnaval of Santiago de Cuba enjoys a special status (Pérez I 1988:20).
The Mill Pond is a double-EP album by American fingerstyle guitarist and composer John Fahey, released in 1997. The release is a notable entry in Fahey's discography in that it features experimental music in the noise and drone styles.
The following is a list of language families. It also includes language isolates, unclassified languages and other types.
Rastislav or Rostislav, also known as St. Rastislav, (Latin: Rastiz, Greek: Ῥασισθλάβος / Rhasisthlábos)[1] was the second known ruler of Moravia (846–870).[2][3] Although he started his reign as vassal to Louis the German, king of East Francia, he consolidated his rule to the extent that after 855 he was able to repel a series of Frankish attacks.[4] Upon his initiative, brothers Cyril and Methodius, sent by the Byzantine Emperor Michael III in 863, translated the most important Christian liturgical books into Slavonic.[5] Rastislav was dethroned by his nephew Svatopluk I of Moravia, who handed him over to the Franks.[6] He was canonized by the Eastern Orthodox Church in 1994.
The 78th Illinois Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The winners for the 2011 African-American Film Critics Association.
Yehezkel Hen (Hebrew: יחזקאל הן, born 1882, died 4 April 1952) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai between 1951 and 1952.
The 2018 Ivy League men's basketball tournament was the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Ivy League of the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. It was held on March 10 and 11, 2018, at the Palestra on the campus of the University of Pennsylvania in Philadelphia. Penn defeated Harvard in the championship game to win the tournament and received the conference's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. Harvard earned an automatic bid to the 2018 National Invitation Tournament.[1][2]
The Hunza–Nagar Campaign was fought in 1891 by troops of the British Raj against the princely states of Hunza and Nagar in the Gilgit Agency (now part of the Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan). It is also known in Pakistan as the "Anglo-Brusho War".[citation needed]
Alex Barima (born 28 May 1991) is a Canadian actor, known for his roles in Daniel Spellbound,[1] Schmigadoon! and Resident Alien.[2]
The Women's 25 metre pistol event at the 2012 Olympic Games took place on 1 August 2012 at the Royal Artillery Barracks.
Fútbol Club Santiago de Cuba is a Cuban professional football club based in the city of Santiago de Cuba, which currently plays in the Campeonato Nacional. Its home stadium is the 5,000-capacity Pista de Atletismo de Rekortan. It was promoted to  Campeonato Nacional for the 2015 season.[1]
Eifelwall/Stadtarchiv is a station on the Cologne Stadtbahn line 18, located in the Cologne district of Lindenthal. The station lies on Luxemburger Straße, adjacent to nearby Eifelwall, after which the station is named. It is also right next to the extensive parks of the inner green belt.
The Orlando Predators were a professional arena football team based in Orlando, Florida and member of the Arena Football League (AFL). The team was most recently owned by Orlando Predators LLC, a company owned by David A. Siegel, and played its home games at Amway Center.
The Lufuko River (or Lufuku) is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo that empties into Lake Tanganyika beside the village of Mpala in Tanganyika Province (formerly Katanga Province).
Sverre Harrfeldt (born November 23, 1937, Oslo) is a former Norwegian speedway rider.[1]  He came second in the 1966 World championships beaten in race 9 by Barry Briggs the eventual champion.  He rode for club sides West Ham, Wimbledon and Wembley.[2][3][4]
In semiconductor physics, the flat band potential of a semiconductor defines the potential at which there is no depletion layer at the junction between a semiconductor and an electrolyte[1] or p-n-junction. This is a consequence of the condition that the redox Fermi level of the electrolyte must be equal to the Fermi level of the semiconductor [1] and therefore preventing any band bending of the conduction and valence band. An application of the flat band potential can be found in the determining the width of the space charge region in a semiconductor-electrolyte junction.[2] Furthermore, it is used in the Mott-Schottky equation to determine the capacitance of the semiconductor-electrolyte junction [3][4][5] and plays a role in the photocurrent of a photoelectrochemical cell.[2][5] The value of the flat band potential depends on many factors, such as the material, pH and crystal structure of the material[3][6][7]
O věcech nadpřirozených is a 1958 Czechoslovak film. The film was directed by Jirí Krejcík, Jaroslav Mach, and Milos Makovec, and starred Josef Kemr.[1]
Pont Henri (or Ponthenri) is a small rural village in Wales, located in the centre of the Gwendraeth Valley, halfway between the towns of Carmarthen and Llanelli.[1] Most of the village comes under the Parliamentary constituency of Llanelli and the jurisdiction of Llanelli Rural Council. The rest of the village is represented by Carmarthen East and Dinefwr constituency and Llangendeirne Community Council. The electoral boundary in Pont-Henri follows the course of the Gwendraeth Fawr river.
John Cameron Greenleaf, AIA, (June 2, 1878 – January 18, 1958), was an American architect based in New York City who practiced in the early 20th–century under his own name and as partner in the firm of Mills & Greenleaf.[1][2]
The 1969 Orange Bowl was the 35th edition of the college football bowl game, played at the Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida, on Wednesday, January 1. The final game of the 1968–69 bowl game season, it matched the independent third-ranked Penn State Nittany Lions and the #6 Kansas Jayhawks of the Big Eight Conference. Favored Penn State rallied to win with a late touchdown and two-point conversion, 15–14.[2][3][4][5][6]
The People's Palace or Palace of the People (French: Palais du Peuple) is the seat of the National Assembly and the Senate in Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of Congo, formerly Zaire.[1]  It was completed in 1979 with a line of credit from the People's Republic of China. It has witnessed key moments in the country's political landscape, bearing witness to historic debates, legislative triumphs, and the exercise of democratic values. The building serves as a gathering place for lawmakers and a venue for official ceremonies.[2][3][4][5]
Nellieburg is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lauderdale County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,316 at the 2020 census.[2] It is a suburb of Meridian.
Chacala is a beach-town set in small cove on the Pacific coast of Mexico in the State of Nayarit. It is located near pueblo Las Varas and about 100 kilometers (62 mi) north of Puerto Vallarta. The name means "where there are shrimp" in Náhuatl, and is part of the coastline known as the Riviera Nayarita.[1] The population consists of approximately 300 full-time residents, but can swell to over 1000 during Mexico's most popular vacation periods such as Semana Santa, (Easter Week) and Christmas. Chacala is known for its physical beauty, unhurried lifestyle.[2]
Simretu Alemayehu (born September 17, 1970) is a retired male long-distance runner from Ethiopia, who competed for his native country at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He set his personal best (2:07:45) in the marathon on April 1, 2001 in Turin, Italy. As a steeplechaser he won the bronze medal in the men's 3.000 metres steeplechase at the 1993 African Championships in Durban, South Africa.
Charles Scribner IV (July 13, 1921 – November 11, 1995), also known as Charles Scribner Jr.,[1] was the head of the Charles Scribner's Sons publishing company.[2] He was a resident of Manhattan for most of his adult life, establishing a residence in the Upper East Side after 1945, when he was twenty-four.

Olsen Valley (54°12′S 36°41′W﻿ / ﻿54.200°S 36.683°W﻿ / -54.200; -36.683) is a valley extending from Husvik Harbor in Stromness Bay to Carlita Bay in Cumberland West Bay, on the north side of South Georgia. The feature was known to early whalers and sealers at South Georgia. It was surveyed by the SGS in the period 1951–57, and named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Nils E. Olsen, Manager of Tonsberg Hvalfangeri, Husvik, 1950–56.
The 2018 Big Ten Conference men's soccer season was the 28th season of men's varsity soccer in the conference. The regular season began on August 24, 2018, and concluded on October 28, 2018. The season culminated with the 2018 Big Ten Conference Men's Soccer Tournament to determine the conference's automatic berth into the 2018 NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Tournament. Michigan entered the season as the defending regular season champions, while Wisconsin entered the season as the defending tournament champions.
Kaputa is a constituency of the National Assembly of Zambia.[1] It covers the towns of Kaputa, Nkonta and Nkoshya in Kaputa District of Northern Province.
No Chocolate Cake is the fifth studio album by power pop band Gin Blossoms. It was released on September 28, 2010, worldwide, and the first single, "Miss Disarray", was released to radio stations on August 2, 2010.[8] The album reached #1 on Amazon.com MP3 album charts on the release date. No Chocolate Cake  entered the Billboard 200 album chart at number 73 after selling 7,000 copies in its first week of release.[9] It was the album's peak position, after falling off the chart the following week.
43°15′08″N 79°54′20″W﻿ / ﻿43.25222°N 79.90556°W﻿ / 43.25222; -79.90556
CPR Aberdeen Yard is one of two CPR facilities in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. 
Facobly (also spelled Facobli) is a town in western Ivory Coast. It is a sub-prefecture of and seat of Facobly Department in Guémon Region, Montagnes District. Facobly is also a commune.
The Williams FW17 is a Formula One racing car designed by Adrian Newey, with which the Williams team competed in the 1995 Formula One World Championship. It was driven by Damon Hill, who was in his third year with the team, and David Coulthard, who was in his first full season after a part-time role in 1994.
The Stanford Behavior Design Lab (formerly known as the Stanford Persuasive Technology Lab and Stanford Captology Lab) is a research organization advancing behavior change methods and models based at Stanford University. Founded in 1998 and directed by B. J. Fogg, the Behavior Design Lab is an interdisciplinary team of Stanford students, recent graduates, and quantitative researchers who study factors that impact human behavior, conduct IRB research, share insights, and create practical solutions that make people happier and healthier. The team is the global authority in a new and systematic way to design for behavior change, an approach called “Behavior Design”. The Lab manager is Tanna Drapkin[1][2]
Micro Precision Products Ltd (MPP) was a British optical company that between 1941 and 1982 produced cameras and related equipment. (From 1976, its name was MPP Photographic Products Ltd.)

George Evans (1915 – 16 February 1993) was an English jazz bandleader, arranger, tenor saxophonist and vocalist.
You Will Never Know Why is the third album by American experimental pop act Sweet Trip, released on September 28, 2009, by Darla Records.[3] It marks a departure from the electronic sounds of their previous releases, featuring more traditional song structures and a more mainstream indie pop sound throughout.
San Nazzaro Val Cavargna (Western Lombard: San Nazzer [ˌsãː naˈdzeːr]) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Como in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Milan and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Como, on the border with Switzerland. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 396 and an area of 13.3 square kilometres (5.1 sq mi).[3]
Alexander Sergeyevich Orlov (Russian: Алекса́ндр Серге́евич Орло́в) is a contemporary Russian historian and an author of several handbooks. He is a specialist on socio-political history of Russia in the 18th century, in the history of science and in education about that period.

The following is a list of recurring Saturday Night Live characters and sketches introduced between October 7, 1978, and May 26, 1979, the fourth season of SNL.
Microsoft Intune (formerly Windows Intune) is a Microsoft cloud-based unified endpoint management service for both corporate and BYOD devices.[1] It extends some of the "on-premises" functionality of Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager to the Microsoft Azure cloud.[2]
The 1910–11 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team represented University of Missouri in the 1910–11 college basketball season. The team was led by first year head coach Chester Brewer.  The captain of the team was Herman Cohen.
Stephen Everett Merrill (June 21, 1946 – September 5, 2020) was an American lawyer and Republican politician from Manchester, New Hampshire. He served as the 77th governor of New Hampshire from 1993 to 1997.
El Salvador has been a member of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) since 1946. Their quota currently consists of 287.20 million SDR. The country has received loans from the IMF in the past, but most recently has received only standby loans and currently has no outstanding payments.[1] As of June 2017, the standby arrangements total 1,442,300 SDR while the government has only drawn upon 132,250 SDR.[2]
Lucien Laurent Bonheur (25 June 1864 – 14 August 1918) was a French-American Progressive and theatrical promoter.[1] He was President of the French Drama Society.[2]
Youssof Kohzad (Persian: يوسف كهزاد; also spelled Youssef Kohzad) (born 1935) was an ethnic Tajik writer, painter, playwright, artist, poet, actor, and art consultant from Afghanistan.  He has now taken residence in Tracy, California, United States since his emigration from Afghanistan. He is married to Zakia Kohzad.
Mimar Sinan (Ottoman Turkish: معمار سينان, romanized: Mi'mâr Sinân, Turkish: Mimar Sinan, pronounced [miːˈmaːɾ siˈnan])  (c. 1488–1490 – 17 July 1588) also known as Koca Mi'mâr Sinân Âğâ, ("Sinan Agha the Grand Architect" or "Grand Sinan") was the chief Ottoman architect, engineer, mathematician for sultans Suleiman the Magnificent, Selim II and Murad III. He was responsible for the construction of more than 300 major structures such as the Selimiye Mosque in Edirne, the Kanuni Sultan Suleiman Bridge in Büyükçekmece, the Mehmed Paša Sokolović Bridge in Višegrad, and other more modest projects such as madrasa's, külliye's, bridges, etc. His apprentices would later design the Sultan Ahmed Mosque in Istanbul and Stari Most in Mostar.
Ariel Agustín Sant’Anna Quintero (born 27 September 1997) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a defender for Deportivo Maldonado in the Uruguayan Primera División.[1][2]
We Are Brothers (Korean: 우리는 형제입니다; RR: Urineun Hyeongjeibnida) is a 2014 South Korean comedy-drama film directed by Jang Jin.[2][3]
Shōshimin-eiga (小市民 映画),[1] literally "petty bourgeois film" or "lower middle class film",[2] is a genre of Japanese realist films which focus on the everyday lives of ordinary or middle class people.[3][4][5] An alternate term for the shōshimin-eiga is the pseudo-Japanese word shomin-geki, literally "common people drama",[2] which had been invented by Western film scholars.[1] The term shōshimin-eiga as a definition of a specifically Japanese film genre presumably first appeared in 1932 in articles by critics Yoshio Ikeda and Ichiro Ueno.[6]

David Ó Sétacháin (died 1290) was Bishop of Kilmacduagh.
Music television
Kerstin Gier (born 8 October 1966) is a German author of novels for adults and young adults. Her popular young adult novel Rubinrot (Ruby Red) and its two sequels - a series about time travel - as well as her Silber trilogy were translated into English by Anthea Bell.[1]
Yukiko Kada
SDP
The Obukhovskii 12"/52 Pattern 1907 gun was a 12-inch (305 mm), 52-caliber naval gun. It was the most powerful gun to be mounted aboard battleships of the Imperial Russian Navy and later the Soviet Navy during both world wars.  It was later modified by the Soviets and employed as coastal artillery and as a railway gun during World War II.
Welcome to Blue Island was the final recording of new studio material by Enuff Z'nuff before lead singer Donnie Vie left the group in 2002. As a result, Vie did not tour to support the album. However, the band continued playing shows at this time with lead guitarist Monaco taking over vocal duties. As was common for the band, Welcome To Blue Island was released first in Japan, where it charted at No. 90.[2]
KQSC (1530 AM) is a radio station licensed to broadcast from Colorado Springs, Colorado, United States, with a daytime power of 15,000 watts, and can be heard by day from the outskirts of Denver to the state's border with New Mexico.[1]

Guido Papini  (1 August 1847 – 3 October 1912) was an Italian violinist, composer and teacher. During his career he lived in London and Dublin.
The 2013 Subway Firecracker 250 was the 16th stock car race of the 2013 NASCAR Nationwide Series and the 12th iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, July 5, 2013, in Daytona Beach, Florida at Daytona International Speedway, a 2.5 miles (4.0 km) permanent triangular-shaped superspeedway. The race was extended from its scheduled 100 laps to 101 due to a green–white–checker finish. At race's end, Matt Kenseth, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, would pull away on the final restart to win his 27th career NASCAR Nationwide Series win and his first of the season.[1] To fill out the podium, James Buescher of Turner Scott Motorsports and Elliott Sadler of Joe Gibbs Racing would finish second and third, respectively.
Tryphiodorus (Ancient Greek: Τρυφιόδωρος, romanized: Tryphiodoros; fl. 3rd or 4th century AD) was an epic poet from Panopolis (today Akhmim), Egypt. His only surviving work is The Sack of Troy, an epic poem in 691 verses. Other recorded titles include Marathoniaca and The Story of Hippodamea.
The 2011 Bauer Watertechnology Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on carpet courts. It was the 15th edition of the tournament and was part of the 2011 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Eckental, Germany between 31 October 2011 and 6 November 2011.
Polom is a municipality and village in Přerov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.
Bismark Boachie popularly known as DJ Premier (born May 18, 1986) is a Ghanaian disc jockey and radio personality who works at Accra fm, an Accra base radio station[2] and also a board member of the Ghana DJ Awards.[3]
The World Summit is a UPF project that aims to bring together the heads of state, who with their vast experience and wisdom can help build a world of mutual understanding, sustainable peace and prosperity for all.
Kaiyuan Finance Center (Chinese: 开元金融中心; pinyin: Kāiyuán Jīnróng Zhōngxīn) is a 53-story, 246 m (807 ft) skyscraper built in 2012 in Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China. The building is located in the central business district of Shijiazhuang, and as of January 2020, it's the tallest in the city.
The St. Mary Church (Albanian: Kisha e Shën Marisë, also known as Dormition of the Holy Virgin Church[1]) is an Orthodox church in Moscopole (Albanian: Voskopojë), Korçë County, Albania. It is a Cultural Monument of Albania.[2] The church was probably built between 1694 and 1699, and decorated in 1712.[1]
USS Stettin was a 600-ton iron screw steamship, was built at Sunderland, England, in 1861 and later served as a gunboat in the United States Navy during the American Civil War.
Sins railway station (German: Bahnhof Sins) is a railway station in the municipality of Sins, in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Rupperswil–Immensee line of Swiss Federal Railways.[1]
Scott Sterling (born February 2, 1972) is an American professional golfer.
The following are the Pulitzer Prizes for 1974.
Righteous Love[1] (Korean: 일리있는 사랑; RR: Illiinneun Sarang; lit. Valid Love) is a 2014 South Korean television series starring Uhm Tae-woong, Lee Si-young and Lee Soo-hyuk.[2][3][4] It aired on tvN at 23:00 (KST) time slot from December 1, 2014 to February 3, 2015 for 20 episodes.[5][6]
Francisco José Cróquer [crocker] (May 23, 1920 – December 18, 1955) was a Venezuelan sportscaster specialized in baseball and boxing. He was popularly known as Pancho Pepe Cróquer.[1][2]

Ramchandra Ghangare (born 16 June 1928, in Ghorad, Wardha) was a member of the 10th Lok Sabha of India. He represented the Wardha constituency of Maharashtra and is a member of the Communist Party of India political party.[1][2][3] He was also a member of the legislative assembly from 1967 to 1972. In his political career he fought for the upliftment of poor people. As an ardent communist  he sticks whole life to his principal. He contested many elections for Loksabha and vidhansabha with the popular support. He was motivational guru of famous social activist Sindhutai sapkal.
Loyola Beach is an unincorporated community in Kleberg County, Texas, United States. Leo Kaufer Park is located in Loyola Beach, with a fishing pier, boat dock, and playground.
Baraki is a district in Algiers Province, Algeria. It was named after a name of a bar's owner (AKI) SO 'Bar' for the place and 'Aki' was his name BAR-AKI , Baraki. Baraki is located in the suburbs southeast of Algiers, and the capital of the Baraki district is situated about 14km southeast of Algiers and 35km northeast of Blida
Vitaphone Varieties is a series title (represented by a pennant logo on screen) used for all of Warner Bros.', earliest short film "talkies" of the 1920s, initially made using the Vitaphone sound on disc process before a switch to the sound-on-film format early in the 1930s. These were the first major film studio-backed sound films, initially showcased with the 1926 synchronized scored features Don Juan and The Better 'Ole. Although independent producers like Lee de Forest's Phonofilm were successfully making sound film shorts as early as 1922, they were very limited in their distribution and their audio was generally not as loud and clear in theaters as Vitaphone's. The success of the early Vitaphone shorts, initially filmed only in New York, helped launch the sound revolution in Hollywood.
A lineman's handset is a special type of telephone used by technicians for installing and testing local loop telephone lines.  It is also called a test set, butt set, or buttinski.[1]
Heathsville Historic District is a national historic district located at Heathsville, Northumberland County, Virginia. The district includes 81 contributing buildings, 12 contributing sites, 4 contributing structures, and 4 contributing objects in the county seat of Northumberland County.  It is an assemblage of residential, commercial, and government buildings dating from the 18th through 20th centuries in a variety of popular architectural styles.  The linear district is centered on the courthouse square.  Notable buildings include the Northumberland Court House (1851, 1900–1901), the old county jail (1844), the former
Methodist Protestant Church (c. 1855–60), Harding House, Belleville, Heathsville Masonic Lodge No. 109 (1894), Bank of Northumberland (1924), and the Heathsville United Methodist Church (1894). Located in the district and separately listed are Rice's Hotel, Oakley, St. Stephen's Church, Sunnyside, and The Academy.[3]
Straight to the Point is the only studio album by American contemporary R&B singer Damion Hall. It's lone single, "Satisfy You" featuring Chanté Moore, reached No. 28 on the Billboard R&B singles chart.[2]  The album included production by Brian McKnight and Hall himself.[3]
The 1997 Sacramento State Hornets football team represented California State University, Sacramento as a member of the Big Sky Conference during the 1997 NCAA Division I-AA football season. Led by third-year head coach John Volek, Sacramento State compiled an overall record of 1–10 with a mark of 1–7 in conference play, placing last out of nine teams in the Big Sky. The team was outscored by its opponents 408 to 188 for the season. The Hornets played home games at Hornet Stadium in Sacramento, California.
Amjad Hussain Azar is a Pakistani politician who has been the Leader of the Opposition of the Gilgit Baltistan Assembly since November 2020.
In semiotics, connotation arises when the denotative relationship between a signifier and its signified is inadequate to serve the needs of the community. A second level of meanings is termed connotative. These meanings are not objective representations of the thing, but new usages produced by the language group.
The 40th Blue Dragon Film Awards (Korean: 제40회 청룡영화상) ceremony was held on November 21, 2019 at Paradise City, Incheon. Organized by Sports Chosun (a sister brand of Chosun Ilbo), the annual award show honored the best in Korean language films that were released from October 12, 2018 to October 10, 2019. It was broadcast live on SBS.[1][2]
Adam Bouska (born October 31, 1983, in Decatur, Illinois)[1] is an American fashion photographer who runs a photography studio based out of West Hollywood, California.[1] Known for pictures of male models in particular, he is considered a rising 'superstar photographer' in the gay community.[2]  Bouska is most recognized for co-creation of the internationally recognized NOH8 Campaign.[3]
The Sablier 4 was a tourism aircraft built in France in the mid-1950s.
Wu Jianchang (Chinese: 吴建常; 2 June 1939 – 19 November 2018) was a Chinese materials engineer, metallurgist, and politician who served as vice-minister of Metallurgical Industry in the 1990s.
Patrik Brandner (born 4 January 1994) is a Czech professional footballer who plays for 1. FC Slovácko.
The 1964–65 WHL season was the 13th season of the Western Hockey League. The Portland Buckaroos were the President's Cup champions as they beat the Victoria Maple Leafs in five games in the final series. 
In mathematics, the associated graded ring of a ring R with respect to a proper ideal I is the graded ring:

John Proby Osborne, MP (1755 – December 1787) was an Irish politician.
U Television Sdn. Bhd. (formerly known as U Telecom Media Holdings Sdn. Bhd. and MiTV Corporation Sdn. Bhd.) is Malaysia's third pay television operator. It was launched on 5 September 2005, after having obtained all the necessary approvals from the censorship board on its broadcast contents. The company initially offered 40 channels from content providers worldwide.
Thomas Huston Roderick, Ph.D., (1930–2013) was an American geneticist who coined the term “genomics".[1]
Eonyang is an eup, or large village, in Ulju-gun, a largely rural district of Ulsan, South Korea. It is near the Seoknam Nun's Temple. It has a traditional market every five days.[citation needed]
Jonesville is an unincorporated community located within the town of Richmond in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.[1][2]
Peter Anthony Adams (May 4, 1951 – April 6, 2019) was a former American football guard.[1]
Cheris Salano Avilia (born 11 December 1989[4]), known as Cheris Salano, is a Kenyan footballer who plays for Spedag and the Kenya national team.
Jort Kelder (born 22 September 1964) is a Dutch journalist, television presenter and former editor of the magazine Quote.
À vau-l'eau (English: With the Flow or Downstream ) is a novella by the French writer Joris-Karl Huysmans, first published by Henry Kistmaeckers in Brussels on January 26, 1882.
Elections in Guyana take place within the framework of a multi-party representative democracy and a presidential system. The National Assembly is directly elected, with the nominee of the party or alliance that receives the most votes becoming President.[1]
J. Revell Carr (born 1939) is an American author, historian, curator and museum director.
Zir'in (Arabic: زرعين, also spelled Zerein) was a Palestinian Arab village of over 1,400 in the Jezreel Valley, located 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) north of Jenin. Identified as the ancient town of Yizre'el (Jezreel), it was known as Zir'in during Islamic rule, and was near the site of the Battle of Ain Jalut, in which the Mamluks halted Mongol expansion southward. Under the Ottomans, it was a small village, expanding during the British Mandate in the early 20th century. After its capture by Israel in 1948, Zir'in was destroyed. The Israeli kibbutz of Yizre'el was established shortly after on the village lands of Zir'in.
Les Éblouis is a 2019 French film directed by Sarah Suco.[1]
The Goodyear RS-1 was the first semi-rigid airship built in the United States. The airship was designed by chief aeronautical engineer and inventor, Herman Theodore Kraft with the Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company for the United States Army Air Service in the late 1920s. Goodyear built only one airship of this type.
The Frozen Policeman[1] (French: L'Agent gelé) is a 1908 French short silent film by Georges Méliès. No Star Film Company catalogue number is known for it.[2]
Janusz (John) Antoni Brzozowski (May 10, 1935 – October 24, 2019) was a Polish-Canadian computer scientist and Distinguished Professor Emeritus[1] at the University of Waterloo's David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science.[2]
Edward William Whelpley (1818 – February 21, 1864) was a New Jersey attorney and politician who served as Speaker of the New Jersey General Assembly in 1849 and as Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1861 until his death in 1864.
Khalil Izz el-Deen al-Jamal  (Arabic: خليل عز الدين الجمل) (January 21, 1951 – 15 April 1968) was the first Lebanese commando to be killed in action in the Israeli–Palestinian conflict.[1] His death in April 1968 in Jordan, during a skirmish with Israeli forces known as the Battle of Tel Arbaein ("Hill Forty", (تل الاربعين)), resulted in hundreds of Lebanese youth joining the Palestinian fedayeen.[2] His funeral, attended by between 150,000 to 250,000 people, was widely seen as an expression of Lebanese solidarity with the Palestinian cause.[2][3]
Charles Taylor Pepper (December 2, 1830 – May 28, 1903) was an American physician and surgeon, who is often cited as the namesake for the soft drink brand Dr Pepper. Many stories on the origins of the drink's name exist, of which the Dr Pepper Museum has been unable to confirm or authenticate which one may be the true historical record.
Personal union between the Kingdom of Hungary and the Kingdom of Poland was achieved twice: under Louis I of Hungary, in 1370–1382, and under Władysław III of Poland in 1440–1444. An earlier union was also accomplished by Wenceslaus III of Bohemia for a few months in 1305, although he was heavily resisted by local nobles in both kingdoms, and gave up the Hungarian crown soon after.
Tutku is a village in Saaremaa Parish, Saare County in western Estonia.[1]
John Randall Nelson (born 1967 in Princeton, Illinois) is an American painter and sculptor based in Phoenix, Arizona.
The 2021–22 season was the 97th season in the existence of FC Lokomotiv Moscow and the club's 26th consecutive season in the top flight of Russian football. In addition to the domestic league, Lokomotiv Moscow participated in this season's editions of the Russian Cup, the Russian Super Cup and the UEFA Europa League.
Black Sun Ensemble is a 1985 psychedelic rock recording by the Black Sun Ensemble. Originally issued privately, it was later reissued, most recently on Camera Obscura Records. Byron Coley writes in the liner notes to the Camera Obscure reissue that "It is difficult to think of a band that has ever produced psychedelic music that sounded even remotely like the original Black Sun's." It was symptomatic of the renewed interest in 1960s psychedelia evidenced by the Paisley Underground, 1980s garage rock revival bands, and Prince.
The Savannah and Western Railroad is a historic railroad that was located in Georgia.
Keysha Freshh (born June 28, 1993) born Keisha Fanfair, is a Canadian rapper and songwriter.[1] Keysha is one-third of the hip-hop group The Sorority.
Navbahor District (Uzbek: Navbahor tumani) is a district of Navoiy Region in Uzbekistan. The capital lies at the village Beshrabot.[1] It has an area of 1,570 km2 (610 sq mi)[2] and its population is 114,700 (2021 est.).[3] The district consists of 5 urban-type settlements (Kalkonota, Saroy, Quyi Beshrabot, Keskanterak, Ijant) and 7 rural communities (incl. Beshrabot).[1]
Joan of Armagnac (French: Jeanne d'Armagnac; 24 June 1346 – 1387) was a French noblewoman of the Armagnac family, being the eldest daughter of Count John I of Armagnac and his wife Beatrice of Clermont. She became Duchess of Berry by her marriage to John, Duke of Berry in 1360.[1]
The boys' slalom competition of the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics was held at the Les Diablerets Alpine Centre, Switzerland, on 14 January.[1][2]
Liadagmis Povea Rodríguez (born 6 February 1996) is a Cuban athlete who specialises in the triple jump.[2] In 2014, she won silver medal at the World Junior Championships. Povea qualified for the 2016 Rio Olympics. She competed at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.[3]
Dubrave (Serbian Cyrillic: Дубраве) is a village in the municipality of Gradiška, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Shī (施) is a Chinese surname. It is written as Sze or Sy in Cantonese or Hokkien romanisation. According to a 2013 study it was the 106th most common name, being shared by 2.06 million people or 0.150% of the population, with Jiangsu being the province with the most people. It is 23rd on the Hundred Family Surnames, contained in the verse 何呂施張 (He Lü Shi Zhang).
Florence Signaigo Wagner (February 18, 1919 – October 21, 2019) was an American botanist who served as president of the American Fern Society.
Xylina Spathia (Greek: Τα Ξύλινα Σπαθιά, English: The Wooden Swords) were a popular Greek band from Thessaloniki, distinguished by their special and personal sound, which was unprecedented for the Greek music of the era. Along with Trypes, they are considered to have been the most popular band in Greece of the 1990s.
Louis W. Parker (born László Kolozsy 1 January 1906 — 21 June 1993) was a Hungarian-American inventor. During his career, Parker created over two hundred inventions including an audio-video synchronizer built for television and an oxygen level monitor for the Apollo program. For his contributions to the television receiver, Parker was inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame in 1988.
Carl Christian Mose (February 17, 1903 – March 25, 1973) was an American sculptor and art teacher.
The 2023 Liberty Bowl is a college football bowl game that is scheduled to be played on December 29, 2023, at Simmons Bank Liberty Stadium located in Memphis, Tennessee. The 65th annual Liberty Bowl game will feature teams from the Big 12 Conference and the Southeastern Conference. The game is scheduled to begin at 3:30 p.m. CST and will air on ESPN.[1][2] The Liberty Bowl will be one of the 2023–24 bowl games that will be concluding the 2023 FBS football season. The bowl game will be sponsored by automotive retailer AutoZone, and the game will officially known as the AutoZone Liberty Bowl.
Raddusch station is a railway station in the Raddusch district in the municipality of Vetschau, located in the Oberspreewald-Lausitz district in Brandenburg, Germany.

Mutant Hunt is a 1987 direct-to-video American action science fiction film written and directed by Tim Kincaid.
Larisa Popova (born May 20, 1975) is an Italian gemologist, appraiser and jeweler.
The Nahqi Tunnel is a two-lane, bi-directional road tunnel with a D-shaped cross-section located in Mohmand District, Pakistan.[1] It was constructed by the Frontier Works Organisation (FWO) and opened by Chief of Army Staff (COAS) Qamar Javed Bajwa.[2] The tunnel is 751 meters long and cost Rs. 2.4 billion ($23 million) to build.[3]
Rodrigo Soria (born 14 February 1987 in Villa Domínico, Argentina) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger and second striker. He plays for Olmedo, on loan from Cúcuta Deportivo.[1] Before that, he was on Sportivo Carapeguá of Paraguay.
The Administrative Code of the City of New York contains the codified local laws of New York City as enacted by the New York City Council and Mayor.[1] As of February 2023[update], it contains 37 titles, numbered 1 through 16, 16-A, 16-B, 17 through 20, 20-A, 21, 21-A, and 22 through 33.[2]
Guerchy (French pronunciation: ​[ɡɛʁʃi]) is a former commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Valravillon.[2]

Bowdon railway station served the district of Bowdon, Cheshire (now Greater Manchester), between 1849 and 1881.
Min Sithu (Burmese: မင်းစည်သူ, pronounced [mɪ́ɰ̃ sìθù]; also Sithu Nge; died 1485) was Viceroy of Toungoo from 1481 to 1485.
Citibank Tower (Malay: Menara Citibank), is a 50-storey Class A commercial tower located close to the Petronas Towers and houses the headquarters of Citibank Syariah. The building was developed by The Lion Group and completed in 1995, and was originally named Menara Lion or Lion Tower until Citibank acquired a 50% stake and moved into the building in 2000.[3]
Technophilia (from Greek τέχνη - technē, "art, skill, craft"[1] and φίλος - philos, "beloved, dear, friend"[2]) refers generally to a strong attraction for technology, especially new technologies such as personal computers, the Internet, mobile phones, and home cinema.[3] The term is used in sociology to examine individuals' interactions with society and is contrasted with technophobia.
Melzer's reagent (also known as Melzer's iodine reagent,[1] Melzer's solution or informally as Melzer's) is a chemical reagent used by mycologists to assist with the identification of fungi, and by phytopathologists for fungi that are plant pathogens.[1]
Abrahamowicz is a Polish surname meaning "son of Abraham". Notable people with the surname include:
El Nora Alila (Hebrew: אֵל נוֹרָא עֲלִילָה), also transliterated as Ayl Nora Alilah,[1] is a piyyut (liturgical poem) that begins the Ne'ilah service at the conclusion of Yom Kippur. The piyyut is recited as part of the Sephardic and Mizrahi liturgy,[2] and has been adopted by some Ashkenazic communities.[3]
The ITT International Fellowship Program was a program of grants promoting international educational student exchanges, similar to the Fulbright Program, sponsored by the International Telephone & Telegraph Corporation. The program was administered by the Institute of International Education from 1973 until the mid-1980s.
The Sailors Rendezvous (Fr: Au rendezvous des Terre-Neuvas, "The Meeting-place of the Newfoundlanders"[Note 1]) is a detective novel by Belgian writer Georges Simenon, featuring his character Inspector Jules Maigret. Published in 1931, it is one of the earliest of Simenon's "Maigret" novels, and one of eleven he had published that year.
Camilla Waldman (born 22 February 1968) is a South African actress, best known for her role as Anne de Villiers, the Madam of a high-class brothel, on the SABC1 soapie Generations, from March 2004 to June 2008.[citation needed]
Auguste Bottée de Toulmon (15 May 1797 – 22 March 1850) was a 19th-century French composer and musicologist.
Subterranean Masquerade is a progressive metal band from Israel that was formed in 1997 by Tomer Pink, who is a guitarist and primary songwriter for the band.
Aleksandr Petrovich Chernoivanov (Russian: Александр Петрович Черноиванов; born 13 February 1979) is a Russian handball player for Chekhovskiye Medvedi and the Russian national team.[1]
Hynek Martinec (born 12 November 1980 in Broumov) is a Czech-British painter, who graduated from the Studio of Classical Painting Techniques under the supervision of Prof. Zdeněk Beran at the Academy of Fine Arts, Prague. After his studies he left for Paris (2005-2007) and since 2007 has been living in London. He received the prestigious BP Young Artist Award (2007) for his hyperrealistic portraits. His paintings are inspired by Old Masters and/or photographs, which link the past with the future, using modern technologies.
The China–Tajikistan border is 477 km (296 mi)[1] in length and runs from the tripoint with Kyrgyzstan following a roughly north–south line across various mountain ridges and peaks of the Pamir range down to the tripoint with Afghanistan.[2] The border divides Murghob District, Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region in Tajikistan from Akto County, Kizilsu Kyrgyz Autonomous Prefecture (to the north) and Taxkorgan Tajik Autonomous County, Kashgar Prefecture (to the south) in Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, China.
Ronald Fleming (1896 - 1968) was an English interior decorator.
Emilio Pegoraro (19 October 1921 – 18 December 2022) was an Italian partisan and politician. A member of the Communist Party, he served in the Senate of the Republic from 1968 to 1972[1] and again from 1976 to 1979[2] and in the Chamber of Deputies from 1972 to 1976.[3]
The Jelar Formation or Jelar breccia is a stratigraphic unit in Croatia. It is a coarse-grained carbonate-breccia of Paleogene age. The breccia was deposited syntectonically during the development of the Dinaride Thrust Belt. The clasts are Mesozoic in age.[1]
Haddada (Arabic: حدادة, romanized: ḥadādẗ) is a town and rural commune located just southeast of Kenitra, in the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra region, Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 11,856 people living in 1728 households.[1]
The 641st Aviation Regiment is an aviation regiment of the U.S. Army.
The Fritz Feigl Prize (German: Fritz-Feigl-Preis) by the Austrian Society of Analytical Chemistry (ASAC) is named after Fritz Feigl.[1] In 2012 it was sponsored by Bruker Corporation.[1]
Miranda is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise, located about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Campobasso and about 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Isernia. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,065 and an area of 22.3 square kilometres (8.6 sq mi).[3]
The Thousand Guineas Prelude, registered as the Tranquil Star Stakes, is a Melbourne Racing Club Group 2 Thoroughbred horse race, for three year old fillies, at set weights with penalties, over a distance of 1400 metres, held annually at Caulfield Racecourse, Melbourne, Australia in late September. Total prize money for the race is A$300,000.[1] This event is a preparation race for the prestigious Group 1 The Thousand Guineas later in October at Caulfield.[1]
Rangi Hauiti Pokiha (1895–1980) was a New Zealand farmer, surveyor, and orator. Of Māori descent, he identified with the Ngā Rauru and Ngāti Pamoana iwi. He was born in Koriniti beside the Whanganui River in 1895.[1]
Dimitrios Karakasis (Greek: Δημήτριος Καρακάσης) was a Greek physician.
Tom Colclough is a musician from Vancouver. He plays jazz, pop and blues.
Isidore H. Herk (or Isadore, Izzy; 1882 – 5 July 1944) was a burlesque manager who played a major role in the evolution of this entertainment before World War II. His show at the Gaiety Theatre, closed in 1941, was the last burlesque show on Broadway.
Mohammad Abdul-Samee' Mohammad Al-Dmeiri (Arabic: محمد عبد السميع محمد الدميري; born 30 August 1987) is a Jordanian footballer who plays as a left back for Al-Wehdat and the Jordan national football team.
Šelešovice is a municipality and village in Kroměříž District in the Zlín Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.
Jarużyn [jaˈruʐɨn] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Myślibórz, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1]
Renata Salecl (born 1962) is a Slovene philosopher, sociologist and legal theorist. She is a senior researcher at the Institute of Criminology, Faculty of Law at the University of Ljubljana, and holds a professorship at Birkbeck College, University of London.[1] She has been a visiting professor at London School of Economics, lecturing on the topic of emotions and law. Every year she lectures at Benjamin N. Cardozo School of Law (New York), on Psychoanalysis and Law,[2] and she has also been teaching courses on neuroscience and law.[3] Since 2012 she has been visiting professor at the Department of Social Science, Heath and Medicine at King's College London. Her books have been translated into fifteen languages. In 2017, she was elected as a member of the Slovene Academy of Science.
The Palazzo Panciatichi is a Renaissance palace located on Via Camillo Cavour 2 in the quartiere of San Giovanni, Florence, region of Tuscany, Italy. A different Palazzo Panciatichi-Ximenes or Ximenes-da Sangallo is located at Borgo Pinti 68, corner of via Giusti, in Florence.
William J. Murray (c. 1884 – August 20, 1966) was an American politician from New York. He was born in 1884 to Samuel J. Murray and Anna E. (Reilly) Murray. His father was a successful businessman and inventor, who made his mark on the United States Playing Card Company.[1]
The ESL Pro League Season 14, abbreviated as EPL Season 14 and EPL XIV, was the fourteenth season of the ESL organized Counter-Strike: Global Offensive league, the ESL Pro League. Held between August 16 and September 12, 2021, as an online tournament, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Part of the ESL Pro Tour, the season's twenty-four teams competed for a US$750,000 prize pool and for 7,400 ESL Pro Tour Points (EPT), used by ESL to determine the participants of its two main events each year, in Katowice and Cologne.
The 2001 Copa América knockout stage was the elimination stage of the Copa América, following the group stage. It began on 22 July 2001 and consisted of the quarter-finals, the semi-finals, the third-place play-off, and the final held at Estadio El Campín on 29 July, in Bogotá. No extra time was to be played if any match in the final stages finished tied after regulation; the match would go straight to a penalty shoot-out.
1948 in sports describes the year's events in world sport.
New Kids: The Final is the second extended play by South Korean boy band iKON. It is the final installment of the group's four-part album series following the single album New Kids: Begin and extended play New Kids: Continue.[1]
It was released by YG Entertainment on October 1, 2018.[2] The mini-album includes a total of four tracks.[3]
Golden is a ghost town in Okanogan County, Washington, United States. Golden was a mining town which was founded around 1887. The discovery of gold in the area led to the creation of Golden. By 1892 more than thirty buildings were located between the mines and Wannacut Lake. The town was called Golden due to the promise continued gold in the area.[1] Golden had a population of 300 in its heyday. The town had a general store, restaurant, saloon and post office along with other false fronted businesses.  As the gold became depleted the town became more deserted. By 1910 under 100 people remained in Golden.  The town eventually became a ghost town. The depression of the thirties brought some new inhabitants to Golden, but eventually it was deserted. Today little remains of the town.[2]
The Rugby Football Union (RFU) is the national governing body for rugby union in England. It was founded in 1871, and was the sport's international governing body prior to the formation of what is now known as World Rugby (WR) in 1886. It promotes and runs the sport, organises international matches for the England national team, and educates and trains players and officials.
Gerardo Leyva Hernández (born 11 May 1967) is a Mexican politician from the Party of the Democratic Revolution. From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Zacatecas.[1]
KZMT (101.1 FM) is a radio station licensed to serve Helena, Montana. The station is owned by Kevin Terry and licensed to the Montana Radio Company, LLC.[2] It airs a Classic rock music format.[3]

The Violin Concerto No. 3, Juggler in Paradise is a composition for violin solo and orchestra by the American composer Augusta Read Thomas.  The work was jointly commissioned by Radio France, The Proms, and the National Symphony Orchestra with contributions from Bill and Solange Brown.  It was first performed on January 16, 2009 at the Salle Pleyel, Paris by the violinist Frank Peter Zimmermann and the Orchestre philharmonique de Radio France under the conductor Andrey Boreyko.[1]
Otto (died 944), son of Count Ricwin and a Liudolfing, was the Count of Verdun by inheritance and the Duke of Lorraine by appointment. Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor appointed him to Duke. Otto was a relative of the emperor, hence both his name and his appointment to high office. He is sometimes referred to as Otto I because another Otto later ruled over Lower Lorraine.
Extreme weather events in Melbourne, Australia have occurred on multiple occasions. The city has experienced a number of highly unusual weather events and extremes of weather. An increase in heat waves and record breaking temperatures in the 21st century has led to much discussion over the effects of climate change in the country.[1][2]
Die schöne Müllerin (German pronunciation: [diː ˈʃøːnə ˈmʏlɐʁɪn],"The Fair Maid of the Mill", Op. 25, D. 795), is a song cycle by Franz Schubert from 1823 based on 20 poems by Wilhelm Müller. It is the first of Schubert's two seminal cycles (preceding Winterreise), and a pinnacle of Lied repertoire.
Ludlow is a village in southwest Livingston County, Missouri, United States. The population was 111 at the 2020 census.[4] The median income in Ludlow is $30,833 and the median home value is $33,500.
The Crête Sèche is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, located south-west of Praz-de-Fort in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Grand Darray.
Montpinchon (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃pɛ̃ʃɔ̃]) is a commune in the Manche department in Normandy in north-western France.
The Geriatriezentrum Am Wienerwald Feldbahn (Geriatric nursing center Wienerwald) was a 500 mm (19+3⁄4 in) minimum gauge railway constructed in 1904 at the premises of the former nursing home Lainz in the 13th District of Vienna, Hietzing. Until its closure in 2011 it was the oldest feldbahn in use in Austria.
Toru Shioya (born January 9, 1968) is a former professional basketball Head coach for the Hitachi High-Technologies Cougars of  Women's Japan Basketball League .[1]
The Online Film Critics Society Award for Best Picture is an annual film award given by the Online Film Critics Society to honor the best picture of the year.
Thomas Neville Bonner (28 May 1923 – 2 September 2003) was professor emeritus at Wayne State University and a leading historian of medicine.[1]  Bonner was the twelfth President of the University of New Hampshire from 1971 to 1974.  After 3 years at UNH he became the fifteenth president of Union College from 1974 to 1978. He then became the seventh president of Wayne State University from 1978 to 1982.  Bonner was a U.S. Army World War II veteran as part of the  Army Signal Intelligence Unit in Europe.[2] He is buried at the National Memorial Cemetery of Arizona in Phoenix, Arizona.
The 2007–08 CBA season was the 13th CBA season. The season was shortened due to the 2008 Beijing Olympics, and the regular season ended in early January 2008. Guangdong Southern Tigers won the CBA title, even after the departure of Yi Jianlian for NBA.
The Abhidhānappadīpikā is a Pali thesaurus composed in the twelfth century by the Sri Lankan grammarian Moggallāna Thera. It is based on the Sanskrit thesaurus Amarakośa, and closely follows its style and method. 
Violette Lafleur (sometimes Violet Lafleur; 1897–1965) was a Canadian conservator and curator for the Department of Egyptology and Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology, University College London.
The Movie is a 2022 American comedy horror film directed by Michael Mandell, starring Bonnie Root and Jarrod Pistilli.
Frankie "Shorty" Moniz (misspelled Muniz and Munitz) (September 26, 1911 – June 18, 2004) was an American soccer player who spent six seasons in the American Soccer League and earned two caps with the U.S. national team.

The 1978–79 New Mexico State Aggies men's basketball team represented New Mexico State University in the 1978–79 college basketball season. This was Ken Hayes's 5th season as head coach. The Aggies played their home games at Pan American Center and competed in the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 22–10, 11–5 in MVC play. Though they finished second in the conference standings, the Aggies were five games behind Larry Bird’s No. 1 Indiana State Sycamores. They earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, but fell in the first round to Weber State, a team they had beaten earlier in the season, 81–78 in overtime.
Secret Reports on Nazi Germany: The Frankfurt School Contribution to the War Effort is a book composed of the original Office of Strategic Services reports on Nazi Germany prepared primarily by Franz Neumann, Herbert Marcuse, and Otto Kirchheimer, who had all been part of the original Frankfurt School of critical theory.[1][2][3][4]
Günther Platter (born 7 June 1954) is an Austrian politician for the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) and was the governor of Tyrol between 2008 and 2022, succeeding Herwig van Staa. Before becoming governor, Platter served as interior minister[1] and as Minister of Defence[2] in the cabinets of Gusenbauer and Schüssel.
Brendan Brooks (born November 26, 1978) is a retired Canadian-British professional ice hockey player who last played with Manchester Storm. 
Marvin Hiram Hawley (June 1875 – April 28, 1904) was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Beaneaters of the National League in one game on September 22, 1894.
Mark C. Hersam is a professor of Chemistry and Materials Science Engineering at Northwestern University (2000–present) who, according to the National Science Foundation, has made "major breakthrough[s]" [1] in the field of nanotechnology. He is a 2014 recipient of the MacArthur "Genius" Award and a 1996 Marshall Scholar.[2] He is also an Associate Editor of ACS Nano. As of January 2022, he was cited over 54,500 times according to Google Scholar.[3]
Chevron Rocks (84°7′S 173°10′E﻿ / ﻿84.117°S 173.167°E﻿ / -84.117; 173.167) is a distinctive rock outcrop at the north end of Retrospect Spur, near the head of Hood Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains. A New Zealand party climbed Retrospect Spur during the 1959–60 season. They gave the name Chevron Rocks because of their appearance, resembling the stripes worn by non-commissioned officers.
The Steinfurter Bagno is a park near the town of Burgsteinfurt in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
Waverly is a town in Spokane County, Washington, United States. The population was 106 at the 2010 census.
Santa Teresa Airport (ICAO: SGST) is an airport serving the village of Santa Teresa in Amambay Department, Paraguay.
Zacarías Supisiche (1843–1897) was an Argentine military man, who participated in the Argentine Civil War and Paraguayan War.[1] He began his military career fighting against troops of General Justo José de Urquiza, taking an active part during the battles of Cepeda and Pavón.[2]
Talia is a feminine given name. Alternative spellings include: Taliah, Taaliah, Talya, Tahlia, Tahliah, Taliya, Taliea, Taylia, or Talie.
Noneism, also known as modal Meinongianism[1][2] (named after Alexius Meinong), is a theory in logic and metaphysics. It holds that some things do not exist. It was first coined by Richard Routley in 1980 and appropriated again in 2005 by Graham Priest.[3][4]
Viljo Anton Pousi (17 January 1918, Kymi - 6 January 1981) was a Finnish welder, union representative and politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1966 to 1970, representing the Social Democratic Union of Workers and Smallholders (TPSL). He was later active within the Socialist Workers Party (STP).[1]
The Zebra was a three-masted ship, built in 1818.  On 12 August 1838, Zebra, Dirk Meinerts Hahn, master, departed from Altona, Hamburg on a voyage to Port Misery, South Australia. The ship arrived at its destination on 28 December 1838. On board was a crew of 16 and 188 passengers with their belongings. In addition, the ship carried 100 barrels of pork, 100 barrels of flour, 65 barrels of fresh water, 17 hogsheads of beer and vinegar, 14 barrels of herrings, two boxes of boots and 40,924 bricks.
Manuela Pfrunder (born March 25, 1979, in Lucerne, Switzerland) is a Swiss graphic designer. She was chosen by the Swiss National Bank to design the ninth series of Swiss franc banknotes.
M. Rony Francois is an American doctor, health administrator, and academic professor. He is currently the Director of the Georgia Division of Public Health.[1] He previously served as Secretary of the Florida Department of Health under then Florida Governor Jeb Bush from 2005 to 2007.[2][3][4]
Stage races
San Emidio Geothermal Plant, in Washoe County, Nevada, is a geothermal power plant with a design capacity of 11.8 megawatts (15,800 hp). The upgraded plant went online on May 25, 2012.[2][3]
AuthaGraph is an approximately equal-area world map projection invented by Japanese architect Hajime Narukawa[1] in 1999.[2] The map is made by equally dividing a spherical surface into 96 triangles, transferring it to a tetrahedron while maintaining area proportions, and unfolding it onto a rectangle: it is a polyhedral map projection. The map substantially preserves sizes and shapes of all continents and oceans while it reduces distortions of their shapes, as inspired by the Dymaxion map. The projection does not have some of the major distortions of the Mercator projection, like the expansion of countries in far northern latitudes, and allows for Antarctica to be displayed accurately and in whole.[3] Triangular world maps are also possible using the same method. The name is derived from "authalic" and "graph".[3]
The Rotterdam Philharmonic Orchestra (RPhO; Dutch: Rotterdams Philharmonisch Orkest) is a Dutch symphony orchestra based in Rotterdam.  Its primary venue is the concert hall De Doelen.  The RPhO is considered one of the Netherlands' two principal orchestras of international standing, second to the  Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra of Amsterdam.[1]  In addition to symphony concerts, the RPhO performs as the opera orchestra in productions at De Nederlandse Opera, as do other Dutch ensembles.
The following outline offers an overview and guide to LGBT topics.
Antonito (in Spanish Antoñito) is a Statutory Town located in Conejos County, Colorado, United States.[1] The town population was 647 at the 2020 United States Census.[4]
San Luis Soyatlán (pronounced [san ˈlwis soʝatˈlan]) is a town located in the state of Jalisco in central-western Mexico, and is part of the municipality of Tuxcueca.[4] It is the most populous town of the municipality, where more than 60% of the population exists, and generating 70% of revenues.[5][6] Sitting on the south shore of Lake Chapala, and about 45 minutes south from the city of Guadalajara.[7][8][9]
The United Secession Church (or properly the United Associate Synod of the Secession Church) was a Scottish Presbyterian denomination which existed between 1820 and 1847.[1]
Soli Ropati (born 19 May 1997)[1] is a Samoan netball player who plays as a wing defence.[1] She has represented Samoa internationally as part of the Samoa national netball team.
iDroid USA was founded in 2014 as a smartphone and Tablet PC manufacturer with its main Headquarter in Houston, Texas, USA. iDroid started as an R&D firm with an initial product focus on Android based Tablet PCs and launched their first array of Tablets.
Elmatic is a mixtape by Detroit rapper and former Slum Village member eLZhi. The mixtape is a tribute and a remake of Nas' 1994 classic debut Illmatic. Elmatic was initially released as free download on May 10, 2011,[1] and was later officially released via iTunes on December 20, 2011, with two extra tracks included.[2][3] The album was acclaimed by critics and praised for its lyrics and production[citation needed], many publishers and websites have named it on their top list of the year[citation needed].
The Structured Clinical Interview for DSM (SCID) is a semi-structured interview guide for making diagnoses according to the diagnostic criteria published in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM).[1] The development of SCID has followed the evolution of the DSM and multiple versions are available for a single edition covering different categories of mental disorders. The first SCID (for DSM-III-R) was released in 1989[citation needed], SCID-IV (for DSM-IV) was published in 1994 and the current version, SCID-5 (for DSM-5), is available since 2013.[2]
Heath was a small town, now extinct, in Perry Township, Tippecanoe County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.
The Talaria of Mercury (Latin: tālāria or The Winged Sandals of Hermes Ancient Greek: πτηνοπέδῑλος, ptēnopédilos or πτερόεντα πέδιλα, pteróenta pédila) are winged sandals, a symbol of the Greek messenger god Hermes (Roman equivalent Mercury). They were said to be made by the god Hephaestus of imperishable gold and they flew the god as swift as any bird.[citation needed]
Heinrich Brunn, since 1882 Ritter von Brunn (23 January 1822, Wörlitz – 23 July 1894, Josephstal near Schliersee, Upper Bavaria) was a German archaeologist. He was known for taking a scientific approach in his investigations of classical Greek and Roman art, being credited with introducing the method of determining the date and source of sculptural fragments by way of thorough analysis of the account of anatomic detail.[1]
The Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association Award for Best Supporting Actress is an award presented by the Dallas–Fort Worth Film Critics Association. It is given in honor of an actress who has delivered an outstanding performance in a supporting role.
Groß Teetzleben is a municipality in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
Sagstuen is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Partial-Birth Abortion Ban Act of 2003 (Pub. L. 108–105 (text) (PDF), 117 Stat. 1201, enacted November 5, 2003, 18 U.S.C. § 1531,[1] PBA Ban) is a United States law prohibiting a form of late termination of pregnancy called "partial-birth abortion", referred to in medical literature as intact dilation and extraction.[2] Under this law, any physician "who, in or affecting interstate or foreign commerce, knowingly performs a partial-birth abortion and thereby kills a human fetus shall be fined under this title or imprisoned not more than 2 years, or both". The law was enacted in 2003, and in 2007 its constitutionality was upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court in the case of Gonzales v. Carhart.

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 535 of the United States Reports:
"A Tropical Horror" is a short story by William Hope Hodgson, first published in 1905.[1]
Edson Correia de Araujo, better known as Éder (Maceió - Alagoas, 10 June 1988), is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defensive midfielder for São Bento.
Hillsborough Forest is a mixed broadleaf and coniferous forest located near the village of Hillsborough in County Down, Northern Ireland. It was once part of the Hillsborough Castle demesne.[1] The lake located in the forest park contains brown trout and rainbow trout.[2][3]
Błotnica [bwɔtˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stąporków, within Końskie County, Świętokrzyskie Voivodeship, in south-central Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-west of Stąporków, 12 km (7 mi) south-east of Końskie, and 27 km (17 mi) north of the regional capital Kielce.[1]
Prospect Hill Historic District is located on a hillside outside of downtown Cincinnati, Ohio, United States. It is part of the Mount Auburn neighborhood of Cincinnati. Prospect Hill is bounded by the following streets, Liberty, Sycamore, Boal and Highland. Prospect Hill is sometimes called locally "Liberty Hill".[2]
Pasteur Institute, Athens
This article presents lists of the literary events and publications in 1578.
Julius L. Wieman (May 30, 1864 Brooklyn, Kings County, New York – October 31, 1902 Williamsburg, Brooklyn, New York City) was an American politician from New York.
The Greifswald International Students' Festival is an event organised by the non-profit organisation GrIStuF e.V. and it takes place in the town of Greifswald, which is situated about 200 km to the north of Germany's capital Berlin at the Baltic shore.
Nuclear DNA (nDNA), or nuclear deoxyribonucleic acid, is the DNA contained within each cell nucleus of a eukaryotic organism.[1] It encodes for the majority of the genome in eukaryotes, with mitochondrial DNA and plastid DNA coding for the rest. It adheres to Mendelian inheritance, with information coming from two parents, one male and one female—rather than matrilineally (through the mother) as in mitochondrial DNA.[2]
The 1996 season was São Paulo's 67th season since club's existence.
Georg Johan Sverdrup (January 26, 1885 – November 4, 1951)[1][2] was a professor of the history of religion.[3][4]
Oh No is the second album by Canadian musician Jessy Lanza. It was released on May 13, 2016 by Hyperdub. The album features co-production from Junior Boys' Jeremy Greenspan and was preceded by the singles "It Means I Love You" and "VV Violence".
"Reason to Believe" is a song written, composed, and first recorded by American folk singer Tim Hardin in 1965. It has since been recorded by artists including Bobby Darin in 1966, Karen Dalton also in 1966, The Youngbloods in 1967,  Peter, Paul and Mary in 1968, Glen Campbell in 1968, Peggy Lee (both in studio and live) in 1968, the Nitty Gritty Dirt Band in 1969, the Carpenters in 1970, and Rod Stewart in 1971 and 1993. Wilson Phillips covered the song on their 1990 debut album.
Cervera de Pisuerga is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. 
According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 2,679 inhabitants.
Jerrod Sanders (born October 1, 1979) is an American[3] mixed martial artist.[4] He has competed in the bantamweight, featherweight and lightweight[5] divisions.
In computing the Berkeley Automounter (or amd) is a computer automounter daemon which first appeared in 4.4BSD in 1994. The original Berkeley automounter was created by Jan-Simon Pendry in 1989 and was donated to Berkeley.[1]  After languishing for a few years, the maintenance was picked up by Erez Zadok, who has maintained it since 1993.
Yeliseyevskaya (Russian: Елисеевская) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative center of Sibirskoye Rural Settlement, Verkhovazhsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 40 as of 2002.[2] In 2022 during the Russia-Ukraine war a revolutionary group was reported to have a base located approximately 2km from this village housing 200+ members.
Nioghalvfjerdsfjorden is a fjord located in King Frederick VIII Land, in Northeast Greenland National Park of northeastern Greenland. It is located at latitude 79° N (hence the name, which in Danish means "the fjord of seventy-nine") between Lambert Land and Hovgaard Island. The fjord was named by the Denmark expedition in April 1907.[1] The uninhabited Tobias Island is located 80 km east of the fjord.
The Lady's Not For Sale is a 1972 album by Rita Coolidge, and was released on the A&M Records label, AMLH 64370. It was later reissued on the Music For Pleasure label, MFP-50500. The inner gatefold photo was shot on location by Terry Paul (Kris Kristofferson’s bass player) at Stonehenge in the English county of Wiltshire.[2]
Sacred Odyssey: Rise of Ayden is an iOS and Android role-playing video game developed by Gameloft and released on January 29, 2011.
Vihiers (French pronunciation: [vije] (listen)) is a former commune in the Maine-et-Loire department in western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Lys-Haut-Layon.[2]

The Procurator to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland is the principal legal advisor to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland. The holder of the office is invariably a King's Counsel in Scotland. Day-to-day advice is given by the Church's own Law Department, headed by the Solicitor to the Church; the Procurator can be called on for specialist advice.
As coach
Popiwek (an acronym of PPWW, short for Podatek od ponadnormatywnych wypłat wynagrodzeń, Polish: Super-normative wages tax) was a tax introduced in Poland in 1984. Although created by the communist authorities and initially hidden under the name of "Fee for the National Work Activization Fund," it is primarily associated with the 1989 Balcerowicz Plan. It was used as one of the elements that was to fight the hyperinflation (reaching 251%) that struck Poland in the 1980s. It created a state-controlled level of wages that was tied to the level of inflation and taxed all companies that exceeded those wage rise limits. In 1991, the tax was lifted for privately-held companies, and the following year, it was withdrawn altogether.
Sifted (formerly VeriShip) is a logistics company headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, having been previously headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas.[1][2][3]
The 1972 VIII FIBA International Christmas Tournament "Trofeo Raimundo Saporta" was the 8th edition of the FIBA International Christmas Tournament. It took place at Sports City of Real Madrid Pavilion, Madrid, Spain, on 24, 25 and 26 December 1972 with the participations of Real Madrid (champions of the 1971–72 Liga Española de Baloncesto), Palmeiras, Virginia Cavaliers and Estudiantes Monteverde.

Robert Stewart, 1st Earl of Lennox then 1st Earl of March (c. 1522 – 29 March 1586) was a Scottish nobleman of the family of Stewart of Darnley.[1]
Johan Afzelius (13 June 1753 in Larv – 20 May 1837 in Uppsala) was a Swedish chemist and notable as the doctoral advisor of one of the founders of modern chemistry, Jöns Jacob Berzelius. He was the brother of botanist Adam Afzelius and physician Pehr von Afzelius.
Mingo is an unincorporated village in Upper Providence Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States, just southeast of Royersford close to the Schuylkill River.
Marc Perrin de Brichambaut (French pronunciation: ​[maʁk peʁɛ̃ də bʁiʃɑ̃bo]; born 29 October 1948) is a French career judge and diplomat. On 10 December 2014 he was elected a judge to the International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague. Until 30 June 2011 he was the Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe.
Valentina Carnelutti (born 6 February 1973) is an Italian actress.[1] She has appeared in more than 40 films since 1995.
XHAHU-FM (103.3 FM, "Vive FM") is a radio station in Ciudad Anáhuac, Nuevo León. XHAHU is part of the Nuevo León state-owned Radio Nuevo León public network.
The thoracic spinal nerve 11 (T11) is a spinal nerve of the thoracic segment.[1]
Eye of the Storm is an album by Mark Heard, released in 1983 on Home Sweet Home Records.[1] According to the liner notes: "This album is a special, one-time release of acoustic guitar-oriented material. It is homemade. It was recorded on 24 track equipment one instrument at a time."
Rabbi David Abraham Jessurun Cardozo (March 29, 1896 – August 31, 1972) was a Dutch-born American Sephardic Rabbi who served as assistant minister of the Spanish and Portuguese Synagogue in New York City, the oldest synagogue in the United States and was the first rabbi to conduct High Holidays services in Spain since the Alhambra Decree of 1492 expelled Jews from that country.[1]

The list of ship launches in 1873 includes a chronological list of some ships launched in 1873.
Kevin Ray (born December 11, 1977) is an American stock car racing driver. Son of Johnny Ray, he is a former competitor in the NASCAR Busch Series and ARCA Racing Series, and was director of business operations for Turner Scott Motorsports.
The South Eastern Times is a newspaper established in Millicent, South Australia in 1891, advertised on its masthead as covering the area which includes Millicent, Robe, Beachport, Tantanoola, Kalangadoo and Southend. After 129 years of publishing, however, the newspaper (along with sister publication The Pennant) was discontinued on 21 August 2020.[1][2][3] However, in March 2022 the newspaper was relaunched by TBW Today Pty Ltd after an 18-month hiatus.[4]
The Antigonid dynasty (/ænˈtɪɡoʊnɪd/; Greek: Ἀντιγονίδαι) was a Hellenistic dynasty of Dorian Greek provenance,[2] descended from Alexander the Great's general Antigonus I Monophthalmus ("the One-Eyed") that ruled mainly in Macedonia.
The second season of Argentine television series Bia was produced by Non Stop Producciones and Pegsa Group, and directed by Jorge Bechara and Daniel De Filippo, the season was first announced in October 2019.[1] It premiered in Disney Channel Latin America on 16 March 2020 and ended on 24 July 2020, once again consisting of 60 episodes. Unlike the first season, the second season is not divided in parts, although the mid-season break remained intact, with 40 episodes airing until May 8, 2020. With its original air date pushed back, the season's remaining episodes started airing in Spain on June 22, 2020, before airing in Latin America the following week. 
"(He's a) Shape in a Drape" is a song by British singer-songwriter and musician Joe Jackson, which was released in 1988 as a single from the soundtrack album of the American biographical comedy-drama film Tucker: The Man and His Dream. The song was written and produced by Jackson.[1]
Allah Verdi Mirza Farman Farmaian (1929 – August 28, 2016) was the son of the Qajar Persian nobleman Abdol Hossein Mirza Farmanfarma and his wife Hamdam Khanoum. He studied biology at Reed College (BA 1952), and obtained an MS (1955) and PhD (1959) in Biological Sciences at Stanford University, where his research focused on marine physiology at Hopkins Marine Station in Pacific Grove, California, as well as in a postdoctoral fellowship at University of California Berkeley. He did research work in membrane physiology, worked at the Marine Biological Laboratory (MBL) in Woods Hole, Massachusetts, and founded the department of physiology at Shiraz University (Iran, 1961–1967). A prominent academic in the United States, he was a professor and head of the biology department at Rutgers University in New Jersey, where he worked for 30 years, and visiting professor at Princeton University. 
The Cosmopolitans was a United States new wave band[1] that was based in New York from 1979 until 82. The band was best known for songs "(How to Keep Your) Husband Happy" and "Wild Moose Party"[2] released on Alan Betrock's Shake Records in 1980 (USA),[3] and Albion Records in 1981 (UK). Characterized by its quirky choreography and lyrics, songs were often based on tabloid news stories.[4] Shows often included 1960's go-go dance lessons, Wild Moose-call contests, baton routines, and chartreuse fake furs worn over blue mini-skirts.
Uluçam is a village in the Posof District, Ardahan Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 7 (2021).[2]
Dr. Kent L. Thornburg, Ph.D. (born July 11, 1945) is an American scientist, researcher and professor. He lives in Portland, Oregon and works at Oregon Health & Science University[1] (OHSU), in the School of Medicine.[2] He is the director for both the OHSU Center for Developmental Health[3] and the Moore Institute for Nutrition & Wellness[4][5]
Dead Flowerz is the fifth studio album by Esham. Released in 1996, it peaked at #38 on the Billboard Top R&B/Hip-Hop Albums chart.[3]
The Valmiera district (Latvian: Valmieras rajons) was an administrative division of Latvia, located in the Vidzeme region, in the country's north-east. Its administrative center was Valmiera. It bordered Estonia to the north and the former districts of Limbaži to the west, Valka to the east and Cēsis to the south. It was the eighth largest district in Latvia and had a population of 60,345 (2000 census).
The Tampico Affair began as a minor incident involving U.S. Navy sailors and the Mexican Federal Army loyal to Mexican dictator General Victoriano Huerta.[1] On April 9, 1914, nine sailors had come ashore to secure supplies and were detained by Mexican forces. Commanding Admiral Henry Mayo demanded that the U.S. sailors be released, Mexico issue an apology, and raise and salute the U.S. flag along with a 21 gun salute.[2]  Mexico refused the demand. U.S. President Woodrow Wilson backed the admiral's demand. Mexicans of all factions of the Mexican Revolution united against the U.S. demands[citation needed]. The conflict escalated when the Americans took  the port city of Veracruz, occupying it for more than six months. This contributed to the fall of Huerta, who resigned in July 1914. Since the U.S. did not have diplomatic relations with Mexico following Huerta's seizure of power in 1913, the ABC Powers (Argentina, Brazil, and Chile) offered to mediate the conflict, in the Niagara Falls peace conference, held in Canada. The American occupation of Veracruz resulted in widespread anti-American sentiment.
Qi (齊/齐, also commonly written as Ch’i in Wade–Giles, and Chai (Jyutping: cai4) in Cantonese) is Chinese surname originated from the Qi (state) (齊/齐). In 2013 it was the 113th most common name, shared by 1,760,000 people or 0.130% of the population, with the province with the most being Hebei.[1] It is the 87th name on the Hundred Family Surnames poem.
Symons Valley is the residential area in the northwest quadrant of Calgary, Alberta, Canada that comprises numerous neighbourhoods. It is bounded by the city's boundary with Rocky View County to the north, Stoney Trail to the south, and Sarcee Trail to the west. It is bisected by Symons Valley Road, which becomes Highway 772.
Engström,  Engstrøm and Engstrom are surnames of Swedish and Norwegian origin. The name may refer to:
"Something More" is the second single from Train's second album, Drops of Jupiter. The music video for the song was originally to be directed by Nick Brandt, who had completed it, but it was deemed inappropriate by the band's label after the 9/11 attacks due to it being shot around a skyscraper. The second music video was directed by Marc Smerling, his second of three Train music videos, and took place in an Arizona desert.[1]
The dorsal artery of the penis is an artery on the top surface of the penis. It is a branch of the internal pudendal artery. It runs forward on the dorsum of the penis to the glans, where it divides into two branches to the glans penis and the foreskin (prepuce). 

This page details the match results and statistics of the Ecuador national football team from 1938 to 1979.
Daxing (simplified Chinese: 大兴; traditional Chinese: 大興; pinyin: Dàxīng) is a town under the administration of Yongshan County, Yunnan, China.[1] As of 2018[update], it has three residential communities and seven villages under its administration.[2]
The Canadian Journal of Economics/Revue canadienne d'économique is a peer-reviewed academic journal of economics published quarterly by Wiley-Blackwell on behalf of the Canadian Economics Association.[1] In 1967 the journal was established from a split of The Canadian Journal of Economics and Political Science into this journal and the Canadian Journal of Political Science.[2] The current managing editor is Katherine Cuff (McMaster University).
Alabama is a computer virus, discovered in October 1989 on the campus of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.[1]
Sheik Faoud Ahamul Fasiel Bacchus (born  31 January 1954) is a former cricketer who played for the West Indies and the United States.[1]
Jacek Purchla (born 1954 in Kraków) – Polish Art Historian and Economist, Professor of Humanities, founder and director of the International Cultural Centre in Kraków. He specialises in urban development, social history and art history of the 19th and 20th centuries, as well as the theory and protection of cultural heritage.
The Château de Matval is a 13th-15th century castle in the commune of Bonneveau in the Loir-et-Cher département of France. Added to the inventory of monuments historiques, its façades and roofs have been protected since 18 October 1971 and the castle in its entirety since 8 April 2009.[1]
H. Kent Jones (April 26, 1926 – December 17, 1995) was a North Dakota Republican Party politician who served as the North Dakota Commissioner of Agriculture from 1981 to 1988. He also served as a state legislator in the 42nd through the 46th legislative assemblies.[1]
Henri Andréani (1877–1936) was a French film director of the silent era.[1]

African Australian identity is the objective or subjective state of perceiving oneself as an African Australian and as relating to being African Australian. As a group identity, African Australian can denote pan-African ethnic identity, as well as a diasporic identity in relation to the perception of Africa as a homeland.[1] This has been shown to be based on both a cultural association with Africa and blood-ancestry.[2]
Pahar Singh was the Raja of the Princely state of Faridkot.
The Tripoli Sanjak (Arabic: سنجق طرابلس الشام) was a prefecture (sanjak) of the Ottoman Empire, located in modern-day Lebanon and Syria. The city of Tripoli was the Sanjak's capital. It had a population of 175,063 in 1914.[1]
The City Council of Singapore was the administrative council of the City of Singapore responsible for the provision of water, electricity, gas, roads and bridges and street lighting.[1]
KAGJ (88.9 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a variety format. Licensed to Ephraim, Utah, United States, the station is currently owned by Snow College.[1]
 Al-Nusra Front
Francis James McCoy (February 26, 1881 – February 9, 1954) was an American football coach.  He served as the head football coach at the University of Maine from 1905 through 1908, compiling a record of 12–15–5.
Several biomarkers for diagnosis of multiple sclerosis, disease evolution and response to medication (current or expected) are under research. While most of them are still under research, there are some of them already well stablished:

Sir Charles Stuart McFarlane (10 October 1895 – 4 February 1958)[1] was a Scottish Unionist Party politician. He served as the member of parliament for Glasgow Camlachie from 1948 to 1950.
The 2011–12 Eredivisie is the 56th season of Eredivisie since its establishment in 1955. It began in August 2011 with the first matches of the season [2] and ended in June with the last matches of the European competition and relegation playoffs. AFC Ajax had the highest average attendance, around 49,000.
Edmund Gilligan (1898–1973) was an American author.
Daxigou  is a station on Line 2 of Chongqing Rail Transit in Chongqing Municipality, China.[1][2] It is located in Yuzhong District. It opened in 2004.
Idea Factory Co., Ltd. (アイディアファクトリー株式会社, Aidia Fakutorī Kabushiki-gaisha) is a Japanese video game developer and publisher founded by former Data East employees in October 1994. A division of the company makes otome games under the name of Otomate. An international branch, Idea Factory International, was opened in California in 2013.[1]

Galanas in Welsh law was a payment made by a killer and his family to the family of his or her victim. It is similar to éraic in Ireland and the Anglo-Saxon weregild.
In mathematics, an algebraic matroid is a matroid, a combinatorial structure, that expresses an abstraction of the relation of algebraic independence.
"The Homeliest Little Horse" is the second episode of the fourth season of the American comedy-drama television series Atlanta. It is the 33rd overall episode of the series and was written by supervising producer Ibra Ake, and directed by Angela Barnes. It was first broadcast on FX in the United States on September 15, 2022, airing back-to-back with the previous episode, "The Most Atlanta".
In computing, romfs (ROM filesystem) is an extremely simple file system lacking many features, intended for burning important files onto an EEPROM.  It is available on Linux, and possibly other Unix-like systems.
The 1977–78 Segunda División was the 29th season of the Mexican Segunda División. The season started on 8 July 1977 and concluded on 7 May 1978. It was won by Zacatepec.[1]

Bear Cove can mean a number of places (outports) in Newfoundland and Labrador:
2LCR, 3MY0, 4FAOJacobs Lake is a lake in St. Louis County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.[1]
George Quayle Morris (February 20, 1874 – April 23, 1962) was a member of the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles  in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) from 1954 until his death.
Seven Senses of the Reunion (Japanese: 七星のスバル, Hepburn: Shichisei no Subaru, lit. "Subaru of the Seven Stars") is a Japanese light novel series written by Noritake Tao and illustrated by Booota. The series was published by Shogakukan under their Gagaga Bunko imprint between August 18, 2015 and September 19, 2018 with eight compiled volumes. An anime television series adaptation by Lerche aired from July to September 2018.[3][4]
Félix Julien Jean Bigot de Préameneu (French pronunciation: ​[feliks ʒyljɛ̃ ʒɑ̃ biɡo də pʁeamnø], 26 March 1747 - 31 July 1825) was one of the four legal authors of the Napoleonic Code written at the request of Napoleon at the beginning of the nineteenth century.
Thematic interpretation is an approach to heritage interpretation originally advocated by Professor William J. Lewis (University of Vermont)[1] and subsequently developed by Professor Sam H. Ham (University of Idaho). In the thematic approach, an interpreter relies on a central theme (i.e., a major point or message) to guide development of a communication activity or device.  In presenting the activity or device, the thematic interpreter develops the theme in such a way that it will be highly relevant to an audience.  According to studies[citation needed], presenting a strongly relevant theme greatly increases the likelihood an interpreter will succeed in provoking an audience to think about theme-related issues.
Elisabeth Kayissan Ekoué Pognon (born 1937) is Benin's first female judge, first woman member of its supreme court, and the first woman to be elected president of its stand-alone constitutional court.
Barclay is an unincorporated community in Clear Lake and Williams townships, Sangamon County, Illinois, United States. Barclay is located on Illinois Route 54 and the Canadian National Railway, 1.3 miles (2.1 km) northeast of Spaulding.[2]
Jason Morgan and Elizabeth Webber (commonly known as Liason for Liz and Jason) are fictional characters from the long running ABC Daytime soap opera, General Hospital and a popular supercouple pairing, according to TV Guide.[1] Jason was portrayed by Steve Burton. Elizabeth is portrayed by Rebecca Herbst.
Dalian Development Area (DDA; KaiFaQu Chinese: 大连开发区; pinyin: Dàlián kāifā qū) is located in Jinzhou District, Dalian, Liaoning province, China as the first Economic and Technological Development Zones nationwide in 1984.
An outbuilding, sometimes called an accessory building[1] or a dependency, is a building that is part of a residential or agricultural complex but detached from the main sleeping and eating areas. Outbuildings are generally used for some practical purpose, rather than decoration or purely for leisure (such as a pool house or a tree house). This article is limited to buildings that would typically serve one property, separate from community-scale structures such as gristmills, water towers, fire towers, or parish granaries. Outbuildings are typically detached from the main structure, so places like wine cellars, root cellars and cheese caves may or may not be termed outbuildings depending on their placement. A buttery, on the other hand, is never an outbuilding because by definition is it is integrated into the main structure.
PlayMakers Laboratory (PML), formerly Barrel of Monkeys,[1] is an arts-education and theater ensemble based in Chicago that works in under-served Chicago Public Schools.[2] Founded by Erica Halverson and Halena Kays in 1997, PML consists of actors, musicians and teaching-artists that run in-school residency writing workshops, an after-school program and a weekly public performance, That's Weird, Grandma. The company works with elementary students in writing workshops, later adapting the students' original works to the stage.[3]
La hija de presidente (The Daughter of the President) is a Venezuelan telenovela which starred Luis Gerardo Nuñez, Mariela Álcala, Saul Marin and Roxana Diaz Burgos. It was produced and broadcast on Marte TV in 1994.
Mona Golabek  is an American concert pianist, author, and radio host.  She has appeared with many leading orchestras and made numerous recordings. Golabek co-wrote a book entitled The Children of Willesden Lane that chronicles her mother's experience with the Kindertransport which was published in 2002. A play titled The Pianist of Willesden Lane, based on the book, adapted and directed by Hershey Felder, and in which Golabek appeared in a one-woman show, opened at the Geffen Playhouse in Los Angeles in April 2012.[1]
The play opened in London at the St James Theatre in January 2016.
Alessandro Milanese[1] is an Italian motorcycle speedway rider who is a member of Italy's national team. Miotello started at 2008 Italian Grand Prix.
Galczyczki [ɡalˈt͡ʂɨt͡ʂki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzbinek, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Wierzbinek, 34 km (21 mi) north-east of Konin, and 112 km (70 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
The Kiwaian languages form a language family of New Guinea.  They are a dialect cluster of half a dozen closely related languages.[1]  They are grammatically divergent from the Trans–New Guinea languages, and typically have singular, dual, trial, and plural pronouns.[2]
Single Mothers is the fifth studio album by American musician Justin Townes Earle. It was released in September 2014 by Vagrant Records & Loose.
Fox Sports is a group of channels available in Latin American and operated by The Walt Disney Company Latin America, a unit of the Disney International Operations. The network is focused on sports-related programming including live and pre-recorded event broadcasts, sports talk shows and original programming, available throughout Latin America.
Dreamin' Sun (夢みる太陽, Yume Miru Taiyō) is a Japanese slice of life romance shōjo manga series written and illustrated by Ichigo Takano. It was serialized in Shueisha's Bessatsu Margaret manga magazine.[1] It was compiled into 10 volumes published between 2008 and 2011. The manga is published in English by Seven Seas Entertainment.[2]
The 1955 Hawaii R6D-1 crash was an accident involving a Douglas R6D-1 Liftmaster of the United States Navy which crashed into a mountain peak in Hawaii on 22 March 1955, killing all 66 people on board. At the time, it was the worst crash involving any variant of the Douglas DC-6 airliner[1][2] the second-worst aviation accident in U.S. history,[1] and one of the worst air accidents anywhere in history,[2] and it equalled the 11 August mid-air collision of two United States Air Force C-119G Flying Boxcars over West Germany and the 6 October United Airlines Flight 409 crash as the deadliest air accident of 1955.[3] It remains the worst air disaster in the history of Hawaii[4] and the deadliest accident involving a heavier-than-air aircraft in the history of United States naval aviation.[5]
MTV Unplugged is a live album by Bob Dylan, released on May 2, 1995, by Columbia Records (reissued in 2007 by Sony).[4] It documents Dylan's appearance on the then-highly popular MTV Unplugged television series, recorded at Sony Music Studios in New York City on November 17 and 18, 1994. It gave Dylan his best sales in years, reaching US No. 23 and going gold, while hitting No. 10 in the UK. The performance was released on DVD in March 2004, including a 5.1 surround sound mix.
Fratelli Patricola (Patricola Brothers) is an Italian company producing oboes and clarinets since 1976, based in Castelnuovo Scrivia, province of Alessandria.
Dragon Lord, also known as Dragon's Breath, 1990 computer game for the Amiga, Atari ST and MS-DOS published by Palace Software and Spotlight Software. A fantasy-themed strategy game, players control one of three dragon lords competing to find the (game-winning) talisman.[1] This goal is achieved by raising dragons, empowering them via alchemy, and then sending them to conquer towns.
Black Falls is a natural basalt rock dam and significant crossing place on the Little Colorado River in Coconino County, Arizona near the Wupatki National Monument. The crossing lends its name to the sparsely populated Black Falls community of the Navajo Nation which is nearby.[1][2]
The J. Peter Lesley House is a historic row house at 1008 Clinton Street in the Washington Square neighborhood of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA.  A National Historic Landmark, it was for 27 years the home of John Peter Lesley (1819-1903), one of the leading geologists of the second half of the 19th century.  The house is a private residence, and is not open to the public.[2][3]

This is a list of museums in the Province of Bergamo, Lombardy Region, Italy.
Freddy de Ruiter (born 4 April 1969 in Arendal) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour and Socialist Left parties.
Rigan (Persian: ريگان, also Romanized as Rīgān)[1] is a village in Soleyman Rural District, Soleyman District, Zaveh County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 590, in 139 families.[2]
Gora (Cyrillic: Гора) is a village in the municipality of Kakanj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Plasmodium gonatodi is a parasite of the genus Plasmodium.
Praia dos Flamengos (also: Praia de Flamengo) is a beach in the southwest of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde.[1] It is 2.5 km southeast of the village São Pedro and 11 km southwest of Mindelo. It is accessible from the northeast by a dirt road.[1]
Yamagata Bantō (山片 蟠桃, 1748–1821) was a well-known resident of Osaka who was both a scholar and a merchant.[1] He was the able head clerk of the money exchange merchant Masuya. He studied Confucianism from Nakai Chikuzan and his brother Nakai Riken, and astronomy from Asada Goryu at the Kaitokudō School during its golden age. Despite his poor eyesight, he devoted 18 years to writing the book titled "Yumenoshiro" or "Instead of Dreams" which had as many as 12 volumes. In this book he supported the heliocentric theory, criticized the age of gods and advocated atheism. He played a pioneering role of bringing about modern thought in Japan and helped move it forward from its age old feudal system.
Thomas Mork (born 22 June 1978) is a Norwegian former footballer who currently works as a coach for Molde FK's academy and as a coach for Molde 2. Mork spent his entire top-level playing career at Molde, where his primary position was on the left wing. He made his first-team debut for Molde in 1997, and played for the club until 2008, when his contract was not renewed. He was also capped 13 times by Norway U21.
George Padmore (28 June 1903 – 23 September 1959), born Malcolm Ivan Meredith Nurse, was a leading Pan-Africanist, journalist, and author. He left his native Trinidad in 1924 to study medicine in the United States, where he also joined the Communist Party.
The 1937–38 Irish League was the 44th edition of the Irish League, the highest level of league competition in Northern Irish football. The league comprised 14 teams, and Belfast Celtic won the championship after a play-off with Derry City.
The Cornelius Vanderbilt II House was a large mansion built in 1883 at 1 West 57th Street in Manhattan, New York City. It occupied the frontage along the west side of Fifth Avenue from West 57th Street up to West 58th Street at Grand Army Plaza. The home was sold in 1926 and demolished to make way for the Bergdorf Goodman department store.
Louise, Princess of Anhalt-Bernburg (née Princess Louise of Anhalt-Dessau; 21 August 1709 – 29 July 1732) was the first wife and consort of Victor Frederick, Prince of Anhalt-Bernburg.
The Semantic Web Services Language (SWSL) is a general-purpose logical language for specifying Semantic Web Services Ontologies (SWSOs), as well as individual Web services.[1][2] The Semantic Web Services Language (SWSL) describes the syntax elements of SWSL and its semantic and semantic foundations.[3] It can be used with the underlying language and network structure of Semantic Web Services. Syntactically, first-order logic (including all connections used in first-order logic) is a subset of the Semantic Web Services Language (SWSL).[1][3]


The Kinmel Camp Railway, otherwise known as the Kinmel Park Railway[1] was a 3-mile (4.8 km) long standard gauge railway built to serve Kinmel Camp near Rhyl in north Wales. 

John Anderson (1942 – 7 April 2012) was a co-founder, a director and the chief technology officer of Intelesens Ltd. and HeartSine® Technologies Inc.[1] Anderson formed the Northern Ireland Bio-Engineering Centre (NIBEC) and was its first director. He was also the head of the School of Electrical and Mechanical Engineering at the University of Ulster (Jordanstown), Northern Ireland. He was the head of bioengineering at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Northern Ireland, when the world's first mobile coronary care unit was launched in 1967.[2]
The BMW R 1100 R is a standard motorcycle with a 1,085 cc (66.2 cu in) air/oil-cooled flat twin engine, made by BMW Motorrad from 1994 through to 1999. Like all of the brand's motorcycles of this period, all 53,685 units were made at BMW's Spandau, Berlin factory.[2] The R 1100 R was succeeded by the model year 2001 R 1150 R.
The Andino Mall bombing happened on the afternoon of 17 June 2017 in Bogotá, Colombia. Three young women were killed and 9 other people were injured.[1] One of those killed was French, the other two were Colombian. The two Colombians died in the hospital due to their injuries.[2][3][4] The bomb exploded behind a toilet bowl of the second floor  women's bathroom at approximately 5 pm.[2][5]

Anthony John Whitten (10 April 1953  – 29 November 2017) was a British conservationist, zoologist, and herpetologist. He was a senior adviser at Fauna and Flora International, where he was regional director for Asia Pacific, and was a former biodiversity specialist with the World Bank. He co-authored several books on the ecology of Southeast Asia and published over 100 field guides in local languages. Born in Dulwich, London, Whitten attended Dulwich College and the University of Southampton. In graduate school he spent two years studying gibbons on the Indonesian island of Siberut, earning his PhD from Cambridge in 1980. He and his wife, zoologist Jane E. J. Whitten,[1] later lived in Indonesia for 10 years. He established a working group on karst ecosystems for the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), and in 2016 was part of a research team that discovered 15 new species of geckos in Myanmar. He died in 2017, aged 64, as the result of a car collision while bicycling.[2][3] He is commemorated in the scientific names of at least 13 species, including the geckos Hemiphyllodactylus tonywhitteni and Cnemaspis whittenorum.[1][4][5][6]
Driftwood Beach State Recreation Site is a state park administered by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located 3 miles (5 km) north of Waldport along the Pacific Ocean, the park offers beach access, picnicking, and fishing in a setting of shore pines and sand. It is fee-free and open year-round.[2]
Asterix and Obelix is a French live-action film franchise, based on the comic book series of the same name by French comic book artists Albert Uderzo and Rene Goscinny. The series includes five theatrically released films. Just like the comic books, the films focus on the adventures of Asterix and Obelix, two Gauls in Roman-occupied Europe. With the help of a magic potion which causes superhuman strength, the Gaul's tiny village manages to resist Rome.
USS Oklawaha (AO-84) was a Escambia-class replenishment oiler acquired by the United States Navy  for use during World War II. She had the dangerous but necessary task of providing water to smaller vessels not fitted with water-makers in combat and non-combat areas.
The 1973 Nicholls State Colonels football team represented Nicholls State University as a member of the Gulf South Conference (GSC) during the 1973 NCAA Division II football season. Led by Gary Kinchen in his second and final seasons as head coach, the Colonels compiled an overall record of 2–9 with a mark of 2–7 in conference play, placing ninth in the GSC. Nicholls State played home games at John L. Guidry Stadium in Thibodaux, Louisiana.
Andaraí is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Jean-Baptiste Forest (1636 in Paris – 1712 in Paris[1]) was a French landscape painter.
Liquid Vapor Display (LVD) is a type of display system and is especially considered in economical display technologies. These employ a reflective passive display principle and depend on the presence of ambient lights for their operation. The figure shows the structure of a typical LVD cell. The principles of the LVD were first described in 1973.[1]
V831 Centauri is a multiple[6] star system in the constellation Centaurus. It is visible to the naked eye with an apparent visual magnitude that ranges from 4.49 down to 4.66.[4] The system is located at a distance of approximately 380 light years from the Sun based on parallax, and is drifting further away with a radial velocity of +12 km/s.[3] It is a likely member of the Lower Centaurus Crux concentration of the Sco OB2 association of co-moving stars.
"Sawmill Road" is a song written by Dan Truman, Sam Hogin and Jim McBride, and recorded by American country music group Diamond Rio.  It was released in November 1993 as the fourth and final single from the album Close to the Edge.  The song reached #21 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.[1]
The Book of the Shadowlands: The Writings of Kuni Mokuna is a 1997 role-playing game supplement for Legend of the Five Rings Roleplaying Game published by Alderac Entertainment Group.
Mgr. Pavol Lisý (born 9.2.1995, Dunajská Streda, Slovakia) was the first [1][2][3][4] professional go player certified by the European Go Federation.
The Tang dynasty of China administered territory using a hierarchical system of three descending divisions: circuits (dào 道), prefectures (zhōu 州), and counties (xiàn 縣). Prefectures have been called jùn (郡) as well as zhōu (州) interchangeably throughout history, leading to cases of confusion, but in reality their political status was the same. The prefectures were furthered classified as either Upper Prefectures (shàngzhōu 上州), Middle Prefectures (zhōngzhōu 中州), or Lower Prefectures (xiàzhōu 下州) depending on population. An Upper Prefecture consisted of 40, 000 households and above, a Middle Prefecture 20, 000 households and above, and a Lower Prefecture anything below 20, 000 households. Some prefectures were further categorized as bulwark prefectures, grand prefectures, renowned prefectures, or key prefectures for strategic purposes. A superior prefecture was called a fu (府).
Gerhard Schrader (25 February 1903 – 10 April 1990) was a German chemist specializing in the discovery of new insecticides, hoping to make progress in the fight against hunger in the world. Schrader is best known for his accidental discovery of nerve agents such as sarin and tabun, and for this he is sometimes called the "father of the nerve agents".[1]
Xiahou Zi (Chinese: 夏侯孜), courtesy name Haoxue (好學), formally the Duke of Qiao Commandery (譙郡公), was an official of the Chinese Tang dynasty, serving two terms as a chancellor during the reigns of Emperor Xuānzong and Emperor Xuānzong's son Emperor Yizong.
The jaw jerk reflex or the masseter reflex is a stretch reflex used to test the status of a patient's trigeminal nerve (cranial nerve V) and to help distinguish an upper cervical cord compression from lesions that are above the foramen magnum.[1][2] The mandible—or lower jaw—is tapped at a downward angle just below the lips at the chin while the mouth is held slightly open.  In response, the masseter muscles will jerk the mandible upwards. Normally this reflex is absent or very slight. However, in individuals with upper motor neuron lesions the jaw jerk reflex can be quite pronounced.
The British Empire Trophy was a motor race in the United Kingdom. Since its inception in 1932, the Empire Trophy was hosted at five different circuits and awarded for ten separate racing categories. The race was run a total of 42 times, spanning over eight decades, making it one of the longest running and most prestigious racing events.
The 2001–02 Czech 1.liga season was the ninth season of the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the Czech Republic. 14 teams participated in the league, and HC Bili Tygri Liberec won the championship.
Say syndrome is a condition characterized by bilateral acromial dimples.[1]
Dorothy Block (1904–November 5, 1984) was an American artist known for her paintings and visual arts.
Puran Rana Tharu (Nepali: पुरण राना थारु) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Communist Party of Nepal (Maoist). In the 2008 Constituent Assembly election he was elected from the Kanchanpur-1 constituency, winning 14765 votes.[1]
Thomas Baylis Whitmarsh Stockton, commonly known as T.B.W. Stockton was an American Colonel and Engineer who commanded the 16th Michigan Infantry Regiment during the American Civil War as well as being a major contributor to the infrastructure of Michigan and the original owner of The Stockton House at Flint, Michigan.
 Abdülhak Hâmid Tarhan (born Abdülhak Hâmid; January 2, 1852 – April 12, 1937)[1][2] was an early 20th-century Ottoman playwright and poet.  He was one of the leading lights of the Turkish Romantic period. He is known in Turkish literature as "Şair-i Azam" (The Grand Poet) and "Dahi-i Azam" (The Grand Genius).
Salome with the Head of John the Baptist or The Daughter of Herodias is a circa 1510 oil on panel painting by Sebastiano del Piombo, now in the National Gallery, London, to which it was left by Salting in 1910.[1] The work could also show Judith with the head of Holofernes, though the presence of a vase is more likely to confirm it as Salome.  The painting's model was also shown in the artist's St John Chrysostom Altarpiece as Mary Magdalene and in Woman as a Wise Virgin, both of a similar date.[2]
"Seeing Red" is the 19th episode of season 6 of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The episode aired on May 7, 2002, on UPN. In North America, this episode was somehow syndicated onto UPN affiliates a week early by accident. Although none of them broadcast the episode by mistake, the episode was leaked onto the internet more than a week before it was slated to air. The episode was also noted for its drastic and controversial content, being the only episode of the series to air at an alternate time on the Canadian family network YTV.
Warus Quta (Aymara warusa grey-brown, quta lake,[1][2] "grey-brown lake", also spelled Barros Kota) is a lake in the Cordillera Real in the Andes of Bolivia. It is situated in the La Paz Department, Larecaja Province, Sorata Municipality.[3][4] Warus Quta lies south-east of the mountains Wiluyu Janq'u Uma and Yapuchañani and north-east of Uma Jalanta.
Bismarck Nhyra Appiah (born 19 January 1995) is a Ghanaian football forward, last playing for US Tataouine in Tunisia.
Shehadi is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
In Greek mythology, Aergia (/eɪˈɜrdʒə/; Ancient Greek: Ἀεργία, 'inactivity')[1] is the personification of sloth, idleness, indolence and laziness. She is the translation of the Latin Socordia, or Ignavia. She was translated to Greek because Hyginus mentioned her based on a Greek source, and thus can be considered as both a Greek and Roman goddess. Aergia's opposite character is Horme, a goddess of effort.
Songs From Home is Lea Salonga's all-Filipino album (OPM) performed during a sold-out 2-night concert at the Plenary Hall of the Philippine International Convention Center in Pasay on September 12 and 13, 2003. The album includes some of the Philippines' most well-known artists.
Web is a 2013 documentary film directed by Michael Kleiman.[2]
The Îles d'Hyères (pronounced [il djɛːʁ]), also known as Îles d'Or ([il dɔʁ]), are a group of four Mediterranean islands off Hyères in the Var department of Southeastern France.
Omar Niño Romero (born 12 May 1976) is a Mexican former professional boxer who competed from 1995 to 2016. He held the WBC light flyweight title in 2010.[1]
Demon Knight is the official soundtrack to the 1995 horror film, Demon Knight. It was released on January 10, 1995 through Atlantic Records and mostly consisted of heavy metal and alternative rock, with "1-800 Suicide" by the Gravediggaz being the only hip-hop song.[1] The soundtrack peaked at 157 on the Billboard 200.[2]
Harold William "H.W." Coyle (born February 16, 1952)[1] is an American writer and author of historical and speculative fiction and of war novels including Team Yankee, a New York Times bestseller.[2] He graduated from the Virginia Military Institute in 1974, spent 14 years on active duty with the US Army, and is a veteran of the Persian Gulf War.[3] Other pen names include H.W. Coyle. He has co-authored books with Barrett Tillman and Jennifer Ellis.
Alton "Dee" McCann (born April 24, 1983) is a former professional gridiron football cornerback. He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the sixth round of the 2006 NFL Draft, but also played for the Minnesota Vikings. He played college football for the West Virginia Mountaineers. McCann has also been a member of the Calgary Stampeders.
The United States Geological Survey Library (USGS Library) is a program within the United States Geological Survey, a scientific bureau within the Department of Interior of the United States government. The USGS operates as a fact-finding research organization with no regulatory responsibility.
The 2013 Oceania Athletics Championships were held at the Stade Pater Te Hono Nui in Papeete, French Polynesia, between June 3–5, 2013.  The event was held jointly with the 2013 Oceania Youth Athletics Championships, and there were also exhibition events for masters, athletes with a disability and children.[1]  Detailed reports on a day by day basis were given.[2][3][4]
Brandywine Building and Loan Assoc. Rowhouses is a set of six historic rowhouses located in East Fallowfield Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania. They were built in 1913, and consist of six two-story, two bay rowhouse dwellings. They are constructed of brick and are in the Italianate style.[2]
Audio-Files is a television music series produced by BYUtv.  The series combines interviews, concerts, and behind-the-scenes footage of nationally rising indie bands.[1][2]  The show premiered on April 10, 2012, at 6:30 pm MST, 8:30 pm EST.[3][4]
Protect the Harvest is an American 501(c)(4) non-profit advocacy organization founded by Forrest Lucas which opposes "the radical animal rights movement" and particularly the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), which it calls "a wealthy and successful attack group".[1] The organization has an allied political action committee, the Protect the Harvest PAC, which funds campaigns to assist or defeat candidates for political office.[1]
The second series of New Zealand's Got Talent aired on TV One on 9 September 2012 and ended on 2 December 2012. The series was won by 15-year-old singer-songwriter Clara van Wel from Blenheim who performed her own song "Where Do You Find Love?". 11-year-old singer Jessie Hillel from Wellington was the runner-up, with 17-year-old singer-songwriter Evan Sinton from Auckland in third place.[1]


This lists of law schools is organized by world region and then country.
Julije Drohobeczky (Ukrainian: Юлій Дрогобецький; 5 November 1853 – 11 February 1934) was a Ruthenian and Croatian Greek Catholic hierarch. He was the bishop from 1891 to 1917 (in fact – until 1914) of the Eastern Catholic Eparchy of Križevci. From 1917 he was the titular bishop of Polybotus.
George Eugene Korince (born January 10, 1946) is a Canadian former professional baseball pitcher who appeared in 11 games in Major League Baseball for the 1966 and 1967 Detroit Tigers. The right-hander, born in Ottawa, was listed as 6 feet 3 inches (1.91 m) tall and 210 pounds (95 kg) (15 stone).
Kristoffer Olsen Oustad   (January 27, 1857 – February 13, 1943) was a Norwegian-American engineer who designed major structures in the United States. Often working together with three other Norwegian-American engineers (Martin Sigvart Grytbak, Andreas W. Munster and Frederick William Cappelen) he designed bridges and other buildings.[1]
"I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)" is a song written and performed by Bob Dylan and released on his fourth studio album Another Side of Bob Dylan in 1964.
Adultery is a concept album by Dog Fashion Disco, their sixth album, released in 2006, and last album to be released by the band before their dissolution in 2007. The album loosely follows the story of a private detective.
Ashalchi Oki (16 April 1898,[1] Kuzebaevo, Yelabuzhsky Uyezd, Vyatka Governorate, Russian Empire - October 31, 1973, Alnashi, Udmurt ASSR) is the literary pseudonym of the first Udmurt poetess and writer Akilina Grigoryevna Vekshina who received notability in the twenties.[2] She was also known as an ophthalmologist, front-line doctor, and an honored doctor of the Udmurt Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic.[3]
Alata  is a rural commune in the cercle of Tidermène in Ménaka Region of southeastern Mali. The administrative centre (chef-lieu) is at Tedjerit.[2] The commune was created in 2001 by dividing the large rural commune of Tidermène.[3] The implementation of Ménaka Region in 2016 led to the promotion of Tidermène to a cercle, and Alata was reincorporated into it. As of 2017[update] the mayor is Frataye Ag Etaw.[4]
Hess Mesa (77°38′S 160°48′E﻿ / ﻿77.633°S 160.800°E﻿ / -77.633; 160.800) is a small mesa that surmounts the divide between Koenig Valley and Mudrey Cirque in the Asgard Range of Victoria Land, Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for L.O. Hess, Master of USNS Maumee (T-AO-149) in the Ross Sea Ship Group during Operation Deep Freeze 1970 and 1971.[1]
Fukuoka (福岡町, Fukuoka-machi) was a town located in Nishitonami District, Toyama Prefecture, Japan.
Morbagh (Persian: مرباغ, also Romanized as Morbāgh; also known as Marbakh and Morbakh)[1] is a village in Moqam Rural District, Shibkaveh District, Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 543, in 97 families.[2]
Nonstructural protein 3 (NS3), also known as p-70, is a viral nonstructural protein that is 70 kDa cleavage product of the hepatitis C virus polyprotein. It acts as a serine protease.[1][2] C-terminal two-thirds of the protein also acts as helicase and nucleoside triphosphatase.[3] First (N-terminal) 180 aminoacids of NS3 has additional role as cofactor domains for NS2 protein.[4]
Bongseonsa is a head temple of the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism.  It stands in Jinjeop-eup, Namyangju, a short distance east of Seoul in Gyeonggi province, South Korea.  It was built by National Preceptor Beobin in 969, under the Goryeo dynasty.  At that time it bore the name "Unaksa."  The current name dates to 1469, when Queen Jeonghui of the Joseon Dynasty changed the temple's name at the time that her husband King Sejo was buried nearby.    The name can be interpreted as "temple of revering the sage."  Thereafter, the temple continued to have a close relationship with the queens of Joseon.[1]
Awa-Kamogawa Station (安房鴨川駅, Awa-Kamogawa-eki) is a junction passenger railway station in the city of Kamogawa, Chiba Prefecture Japan, operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Socorro y San Gil (Latin: Succursensis et Sancti Aegidii) is a diocese located in the cities of Socorro and San Gil in the Ecclesiastical province of Bucaramanga in Colombia.
Ostafyevo is a railway station of Line D2 of the Moscow Central Diameters in Moscow. It was opened in 2020.[1]

Huw Robert Jones (1894 – August 1930), known as H. R. Jones, was a Welsh nationalist politician.
"Window of Opportunity"  is the sixth episode from season 4 of the science fiction television series Stargate SG-1, and first aired on the American subscription channel Showtime on August 4, 2000. The episode is based on a time loop scenario, with SG-1 team members Colonel O'Neill and Teal'c repeatedly reliving the same ten hours after a mission on a planet. Since the rest of their team and all personnel at Stargate Command are unaware of the happenings and do not remember the time resets, O'Neill and Teal'c are forced to find a solution on their own.
In mathematics, a nearly Kähler manifold is an almost Hermitian manifold 

is skew-symmetric. So,
Kristen A. Stilt is an Islamic studies scholar who focuses on law and society in both historical and contemporary contexts.[1] She wrote Islamic Law in Action: Authority, Discretion, and Everyday Experiences in Mamluk Egypt.[2]
Brisk is a tea and juice brand managed by the Pepsi Lipton Partnership, a joint venture founded in 1991 between PepsiCo and Unilever[1] until November 2021 when private equity company CVC Capital Partners purchased Unilever's tea unit, Ekaterra, and its interests in the venture.[2] In 2012, PepsiCo announced Brisk had surpassed $1 billion in annual revenue, making it one of the 22 billion-dollar PepsiCo brands.[3]
Magnavox Odyssey is the general brand name of Magnavox's complete line of home video game consoles released from 1972 through 1978. The line includes the original Magnavox Odyssey console, the Magnavox Odyssey series of dedicated home video game consoles, and the Magnavox Odyssey 2 ROM cartridge-based video game console released in 1978. Philips Odyssey is the brand name that includes the Philips Odyssey series of dedicated home video game consoles.
Brent Woods (1855 – March 31, 1906) was an African American Buffalo Soldier in the United States Army and a recipient of America's highest military decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in the Indian Wars of the western United States.
The Associated Press NFL Offensive Player of the Year Award (OPOY) is given annually by the Associated Press (AP) to the offensive player in the National Football League (NFL) deemed to have had the most outstanding season. The winner is chosen by votes from a nationwide panel of sportswriters who regularly follow the NFL. Multiple-time awardees include Marshall Faulk and Earl Campbell, both of whom won the award three times, each consecutively. Jerry Rice, Barry Sanders, Tom Brady, Terrell Davis, Drew Brees, and Peyton Manning have each won the award twice. The award is currently held by wide receiver Justin Jefferson of the Minnesota Vikings, who received it for the 2022 NFL season after being on pace to break Calvin Johnson record for most receiving yards in a single season in NFL history with 127 receptions, 8 touchdowns and 1,809 yards.
Winchester Township is one of the fifteen townships of Adams County, Ohio, United States. The population was 2,190 at the 2020 census.[3]
Ivar Svendsen (November 4, 1929 – October 9, 2015) was a Norwegian actor.
The Federation of Astronomical Societies (FAS) is an international union of astronomical societies formed in 1974 and will be celebrating its 50th anniversary in 2024.  Its motto is "Supporting UK Astronomy", and there is also one member society from Spain. As of November 2021, it has over 200 member societies.[1]
The Bulqizë mine is a large mine located in central Albania in Dibër County, 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the capital, Tirana. Bulqizë represents the largest chromium reserve in Albania and one of the largest in Europe, having estimated reserves of 2.82 million tonnes of ore grading 45.83% chromium metal.[1] The mine is part of the Bulqizë Massif, a 370 square kilometres (140 sq mi) area which has a rock thickness between 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) and 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) and contains 65 verified chromium deposits and occurrences.[1] The deposit has been explored to depths of up to 1,300 metres (4,300 ft) and the geological reserves amount to 12 million tonnes, of which 7.5 million tonnes grading over 38% chromium metal.[1]
Henri Congnet (6 December 1795 – 5 July 1870) was a 19th-century French secular Catholic priest and historian, also a member of the Société asiatique and hagiographer.
With the intent of forming a trans-Europe numbering plan as an option (or then future movement) for anyone needing multi-national European telephone presence, the ITU allocated country calling code +388 as a subdivided, catch-all container for such services.  This was designated the European Telephony Numbering Space or ETNS.
Range Line is an unincorporated community in Eagle Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana.
The City Club of Portland is a nonprofit, nonpartisan civic organization based in Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. Established in 1916, the organization had approximately 1500 members and a paid staff of 4 in 2013. The former Mayor of Portland, Sam Adams, served as executive director 2013 to 2015.[1] The current executive director is Julia Meier.[2]
Comboni College for Science and Technology (CCST), originally Comboni College for Computer Science, is a private college in Khartoum, Sudan, established as a technical college since 2001. It goes back to the earlier school for boys, founded by Catholic priests from Italy in 1929.
The Brownstown Marl is a geologic formation in Arkansas. It preserves fossils dating back to the Cretaceous period.

Torbay Inlet is an estuarine inlet in the Great Southern region of Western Australia situated approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the town of Denmark, Western Australia.
Trinity Church, also known as Old Swedes' Church, is a historic church on the northwest corner of Church Street and King's Highway in Swedesboro in Gloucester County, New Jersey, U.S.
The Central District of Bijar County (Persian: بخش مرکزی شهرستان بیجار) is a district (bakhsh) in Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 66,833, in 17,084 families.[1]  The District has two cities: Bijar & Tup Aghaj. The District has five rural districts (dehestan): Howmeh Rural District, Khvor Khvoreh Rural District, Najafabad Rural District, Seylatan Rural District, and Siyah Mansur Rural District.
Sumo Logic, Inc. is a cloud-based machine data analytics company focusing on security, operations and BI use-cases. It provides log management and analytics services that use machine-generated big data.[3] Sumo Logic was founded in April 2010 by ArcSight veterans Kumar Saurabh and Christian Beedgen, and is headquartered in Redwood City, California.
Georgie Lamon (11 November 1934 – 16 January 2016) was a Swiss politician killed in the 2016 Ouagadougou attacks in Burkina Faso.[1]
Houda Ezra Ebrahim Nonoo (Arabic: هدى عزرا نونو; born 7 September 1964) served as the Bahraini Ambassador to the United States from 2008 to 2013. She was appointed to the position by decree of Foreign Affairs Minister Khaled Ben Ahmad Al-Khalifa. Nonoo is the first Jew, and third woman, to be appointed ambassador of Bahrain. She is also the first Jewish ambassador of any Middle Eastern Arab country,[1][2][3] and the first female Bahraini ambassador to the United States.[4]
The Stadtarchiv Frankfurt (Oder), (German: City Archives of Frankfurt an der Oder), contains the documents with information about the history of the city Frankfurt upon Oder and its citizens from the 13th century to the present day. To the archives belongs: seeds, sources for history research, acts, maps, plans, manuscripts,[1] newspapers, magazines, books, stamps and other materials. The library (built in 1925), part of archives, contains about 16 000 volumes of printed books from 1470–2001, and 34 incunabula printed before 1470 in Frankfurt. Most of them by Viadrina University of Frankfurt. 
Vasilyevka (Russian: Васильевка) is a rural locality (a settlement) in Plyoso-Kuryinsky Selsoviet, Khabarsky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 207 as of 2013.[2] It was founded in 1910. There are 5 streets.
Suli Daraq (Persian: سوليدرق, also Romanized as Sūlī Daraq; also known as Sūl Daraq)[1] is a village in Vilkij-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Namin County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 88, in 24 families.[2]
Lake Las Vegas in Henderson, Nevada, refers to a 320-acre (130 ha) reservoir and the 3,592-acre (1,454 ha) developed area around the reservoir.[2][3]  The area is sometimes referred to as the Lake Las Vegas Resort. It is being developed by 5 companies including Lake at Las Vegas Joint Venture LLC.[4]
E 002 is a European B class road in Azerbaijan and Armenia, connecting the cities Alyat - Saatly Rayon - Megri - Ordubad - Julfa - Nakhchivan – Sadarak
van Duren is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dorsa Rubey is a wrinkle ridge system at 10°00′S 42°00′W﻿ / ﻿10.0°S 42.0°W﻿ / -10.0; -42.0 in Oceanus Procellarum on the Moon. It is 100 km long and was named after American geologist William Walden Rubey in 1976.[1]
The Blaine faction,[4][5][6][7][8][9][10] also known as the Blaine section,[11] was a political organization[12] of Republicans in the United States during the presidency of Rutherford B. Hayes who coalesced around Maine U.S. senator James G. Blaine. Forming a coalition with the conservative Stalwart wing during the era,[13] they opposed civil service reform,[12] as well as the conciliatory actions of the Hayes administration towards the South. Blaine himself would vote with Stalwarts in opposition to President Hayes' reform efforts, siding with Conkling's faction in December 1877 when voting against the nomination of Theodore Roosevelt Sr., to become New York Custom of Collectors.[14]
Salvation Group is a UK-based media company, specialising in exploitation film and alternative music. The company's original name and current trading name is Redemption Films. The Salvation Group was dissolved in November 2014.
Transnational Dispute Management (TDM) is a peer-reviewed[1] online journal published by Maris B.V.[2] TDM focuses on the management of international disputes, especially the rapidly evolving area of investment arbitration as well as other significant areas of international investment (such as for example oil, gas, energy, infrastructure, mining and utilities). TDM publishes articles covering both formal adjudicatory procedures (mainly investment and commercial arbitration) and also mediation and other ADR, negotiation and managerial ways to manage transnational disputes efficiently. TDM started publishing in February 2004.[3] Professor Thomas W. Wälde (1949–2008)[4] was founding editor of TDM. Mark Kantor is the current Editor-in-Chief of TDM.
Hun Manet GCC (Khmer: ហ៊ុន ម៉ាណែត, Hŭn Manêt  [hun maːnaet]; born 20 October 1977) is a Cambodian general and politician[2] who currently serves in the Royal Cambodian Armed Forces (RCAF) as the commander of Royal Cambodian Army since 2018. He is the eldest son of Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen and Bun Rany. He also leads his father's personal bodyguard unit and the nation's counterterrorism taskforce. Although he does not currently hold any political offices, Manet is a member of the Cambodian People's Party Standing Committee, the party's decision-making body, and is the head of its youth wing.
The 1971 Mr. Olympia contest was an IFBB professional bodybuilding competition held September 24–25, 1971 at the Maison de la Mutualité in Paris, France.  It was the 7th Mr. Olympia competition held.
Aurora Innovation, Inc., doing business as Aurora, is a self-driving vehicle technology company based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.[1] Aurora has developed the Aurora Driver, a computer system that can be integrated into cars for autonomous driving. Aurora was co-founded by Chris Urmson, the former chief technology officer of Google/Alphabet Inc.'s self-driving team, which became known as Waymo,[2][3] as well as by Sterling Anderson, former head of Tesla Autopilot, and Drew Bagnell, former head of Uber's autonomy and perception team.[4][5]
Siegmeister is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Greenpeace Southeast Asia is the regional office of the global environmental organization Greenpeace.
Ove Juul (23 October 1615 – 29 May 1686) was a Danish nobleman who served as Vice Governor-general of Norway under Ulrik Fredrik Gyldenløve from 1669 to 1674.[1][2]
"Los Favoritos" is a young Puerto Rican pop group formed in 2008 by the top eight former participants in the competition "Objetivo Fama", namely: Arquímides, Blanca Rosa, Ediberto, Javier, Jometh, Jonathan, Luz Maria, Mary Ann Acevedo, and an accomplice Francisco Zamora.[1] Two members, Javier Baerga Schroeder and Luz Maria, left the group to record solo albums.
Paul-Otto Bessire (Moutier 21 April 1880 – 6 September 1958) was a Swiss historian.
Anton Karl Simon Graf von Wolkenstein-Trostburg (2 August 1832 – 5 December 1913) was an Austro-Hungarian diplomat.
The 2004–05 Kent Football League season was the 39th in the history of Kent Football League a football competition in England.
Joe Moorhead (born November 2, 1973) is an American college football coach. He is the head football coach at the University of Akron, a position he has held since the 2022 season. Moorhead served as the head football coach at Fordham University from 2012 to 2015 and Mississippi State University from 2018 to 2019. Prior to entering coaching, Moorhead played as a quarterback at Fordham from 1992 to 1995 and professionally for the Munich Cowboys of the German Football League from 1996 to 1997.
Oberbüren is a municipality in the Wahlkreis (constituency) of Wil in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.

The 2012–13 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round decided 10 of the 32 teams which played in the group stage.
Aung Thein Lin (Burmese: အောင်သိန်းလင်း [àʊɰ̃ θéɪɰ̃ lɪ́ɰ̃]; also spelled Aung Thein Linn) is a Burmese politician, and a member of parliament at the Pyithu Hluttaw from the South Okkalapa constituency.[2] The former brigadier general in the Myanmar Army was mayor of Yangon from 2000 to 2010.[3] He was a major in the military in 1988 and later became the commander of Light Infantry Division 101 and then deputy minister of Industry-2 as well as an executive of the junta’s mass organization, the Union Solidarity and Development Association (USDA), which was transformed into the Union Solidarity and Development Party in April 2010.[4]
Muriel Ellen Zimmerman (1916 – September 25, 2014) was an American occupational therapist, head of the Self-Help Device Unit at the Rusk Institute of Rehabilitation Medicine in New York City.
Wild Life (2007) is the second album by Pinoy rock band, Pupil. The album features Wendell Garcia as the band's new drummer.[1] The band's former drummer, Bogs Jugo, still plays drums in the track, "Set Me Apart," the band's last song with him.
The American Friend (German: Der amerikanische Freund) is a 1977 neo-noir film by Wim Wenders, adapted from the 1974 novel Ripley's Game by Patricia Highsmith. The film features Dennis Hopper as career criminal Tom Ripley and Bruno Ganz as Jonathan Zimmermann, a terminally ill picture framer whom Ripley coerces into becoming an assassin. The film uses an unusual "natural" language concept: Zimmermann speaks German with his family and his doctor, but English with Ripley and while visiting Paris.
"The One That Got Away" is the 24th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Modern Family, and the 48th episode overall. It is the last episode of season 2. It was originally aired on May 25, 2011. The episode was directed by James Bagdonas and was written by Paul Corrigan, Brad Walsh and Dan O'Shannon.
ARD[a] is a joint organisation of Germany's regional public-service broadcasters. It was founded in 1950 in West Germany to represent the common interests of the new, decentralised, post-war broadcasting services – in particular the introduction of a joint television network.
The Yagmas (Chinese: 樣磨), or Yaghmas, were a medieval tribe of Turkic people that came to the forefront of history after the disintegration of the Western Turkic Kaganate.  They were one component of a confederation which consisted of Yagma, the Karluks, the Chigils and other tribes which founded the Kara-Khanid Khanate. From the seventh century until the Karakhanid period, the Yagma were recorded in Arabic, Persian, and Chinese accounts as a prominent and powerful political entity in the Tarim Basin, Dzungaria, and Jeti-su.
Anchieta, Santa Catarina is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Eric Steel is an American filmmaker and producer, best known for his controversial 2006 documentary The Bridge. 
The Wierickerschans Fort is a part of the Old Dutch Waterline or "Oude Hollandse Waterlinie". This was a defence system that allowed large parts of the country (Holland) to be flooded (inundated). Thus protecting the main towns and city in the West against invading forces from the East. It was in use right up to the 19th century. The Fort was built on the site where in 1672 Stadtholder Willem III (William of Orange, who later became King of England) had his headquarters during the war against the French. The Fort is centrally located within the Old Dutch Waterline that stretched from Muiden down to the Biesbosch.

There are many types of e-commerce models', based on market segmentation, that can be used to conducted business online. The 6 types of business models that can be used in e-commerce include:[1] Business-to-Consumer (B2C), Consumer-to-Business (C2B), Business-to-Business (B2B), Consumer-to-Consumer (C2C), Business-to-Administration (B2A), and Consumer-to-Administration
Martina Navratilova was the defending champion and won in the final 5–7, 6–1, 6–0 against Tracy Austin.
Carryover cooking (sometimes referred to as resting) is when foods are halted from actively cooking  and allowed to equilibrate under their own retained heat.   Because foods such as meats are typically measured for cooking temperature near the center of mass, stopping cooking at a given central temperature means that the outer layers of the food will be at higher temperature than that measured.  Heat therefore will continue to migrate inwards from the surface, and the food will cook further even after being removed from the source of heat.[1]
Wittersheim is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.[3] It has a population of 671 (2019) and an area of 7.05 km².
Veidt may refer to:
Arrow Point is a village in White River Township of southeast Barry County, Missouri, United States. The population was 75 at the 2020 census.[4]
Marijn Emmanuel Dekkers (born 22 September 1957 in Tilburg, Netherlands) is a Dutch-American former pharmaceutical businessman. He was CEO of Bayer AG from 2010 to 2016.[1] He served as CEO of Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. from 2002 to 2009. He served as Chairman of Unilever from 2016 to 2019.[2] He is also Founder and Chairman of Novalis LifeSciences LLC, an investment and advisory firm for the Life Science industry.
Somewhere Street (世界ふれあい街歩き, Sekai Fureai Machiaruki) is a Japanese television program produced and broadcast by NHK. It began airing in 2005, and the program is available on NHK's international English language service NHK World dubbed into English.
Dietrich, also known as Dietrich of Ringelheim, was a Saxon count of the Middle Ages.
Mangareva, Mangarevan (autonym te reo magareva, IPA: [te re.o ma.ŋa.re.va]; in French mangarévien) is a Polynesian language spoken by about 600 people in the Gambier Islands of French Polynesia (especially the largest island Mangareva) and by Mangarevians emigrants on the islands of Tahiti and Moorea, located 1,650 kilometres (1,030 mi) to the North-West of the Gambier Islands.[3]
Epitaxial graphene growth on silicon carbide (SiC) by thermal decomposition is a method to produce large-scale few-layer graphene (FLG).
Graphene is one of the most promising nanomaterials for the future because of its various characteristics, like strong stiffness and high electric and thermal conductivity.
Still, reproducible production of Graphene is difficult, thus many different techniques have been developed.
The main advantage of epitaxial graphene growth on silicon carbide over other techniques is to obtain graphene layers directly on a semiconducting or semi-insulating substrate which is commercially available.[1]
[2]
"The World Is Yours" is a 1994 song by American rapper Nas. It was the fourth single from his debut album Illmatic, released a month after the album. It is considered by music critics as one of the greatest hip-hop songs ever recorded; About.com ranked it seventh greatest rap song of all time.[2] It reached number 13 on the Hot Rap Singles chart in 1994. It contains a sample of Ahmad Jamal's 1970 song, "I Love Music".
Saint-Simeux (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ simø]) is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. On 1 January 2021, it was merged into the new commune Mosnac-Saint-Simeux.[2]
George Albert Soper II (2 February 1870 – 17 June 1948) was an American sanitation engineer. He was best known for discovering Mary Mallon, also known as Typhoid Mary, an asymptomatic carrier of typhoid fever.[1]
Sabri Ülker (1920 – 12 June 2012) was a Turkish industrialist and businessman, and the founder of Ülker.
The Andersen thermostat is a proposal in molecular dynamics simulation for maintaining constant temperature conditions.[1][2] It is based on the reassignment of a chosen atom or molecule's velocity. The new velocity is given by Maxwell–Boltzmann statistics for the given temperature.
Andrei Mazunov (born 31 March 1967) is a male Russian former international table tennis player.[1][2]
Ninja is a small build system developed by Evan Martin,[4] a Google employee. Ninja has a focus on speed and it differs from other build systems in two major respects: it is designed to have its input files generated by a higher-level build system, and it is designed to run builds as fast as possible.
On April 6, 2012, a McDonnell Douglas F/A-18D Hornet jet fighter of the United States Navy crashed into an apartment complex in Virginia Beach, Virginia, after suffering a dual engine failure shortly after take-off on a training flight. The building involved was extensively damaged, but there were no fatalities in the accident.
The Hale Creek Bridge is a historic bridge carrying County Road 271 (aka Fletcher Road) over Hale Creek in Sevier County, Arkansas, near the village of Red Wing and about halfway between De Queen and Dierks.  It consists of a single-span Pratt pony truss 30 feet (9.1 m) long, resting on concrete abutments.  The bridge deck is 18 feet (5.5 m) wide and is surfaced in gravel.  When the bridge was built in 1919, the roadway it carried was the major east–west route in the area.  In 1926 this route was designated U.S. Route 70.  It retained this designation until the current alignment of US 70 was built in 1952.  The bridge is a fine local example of a Pratt truss bridge.[2]
In statistics, the k-nearest neighbors algorithm (k-NN) is a non-parametric supervised learning method first developed by Evelyn Fix and Joseph Hodges in 1951,[1] and later expanded by Thomas Cover.[2] It is used for classification and regression. In both cases, the input consists of the k closest training examples in a data set. The output depends on whether k-NN is used for classification or regression:
Andrés Gómez Santos (American Spanish: [anˈdɾes ˈɣomes ˈsantos];[a] born 27 February 1960) is an Ecuadorian former professional tennis player. He won the men's singles title at the French Open in 1990.
Carlos Emilio Gaviria Díaz (8 May 1937 – 31 March 2015) was a Colombian lawyer, professor and politician. He served as the 5th Chief Magistrate of the Constitutional Court of Colombia, where he served as a Magistrate from 1993 to 2001. After retiring from the Court, he went into politics becoming a Senator of Colombia in 2002, and running for President as an Alternative Democratic Pole candidate in the 2006 presidential election, ultimately losing to ex-president Álvaro Uribe Vélez, who was seeking his second term in office.
L'imprevisto, internationally released as The Mishap, is a 1961 Italian crime-drama film directed by Alberto Lattuada.[2][3] It was coproduced by France, where it was released with the title L'Imprévu.
The 1973 Rhode Island Rams football team was an American football team that represented the University of Rhode Island as a member of the Yankee Conference during the 1973 NCAA Division II football season. In its fourth season under head coach Jack Gregory, the team compiled an overall record of 6–2–2 with a mark of 4–1–1 against conference opponents, placed second out of seven teams in the Yankee Conference, and outscored opponents by a total of 213 to 177.[1][2] The team played its home games at Meade Stadium in Kingston, Rhode Island.
The Sonnentheil House is a historic house located at 1826 Sealy Ave. in Galveston, Texas.
The Antarctic Sound is a body of water about 30 nautical miles (56 km; 35 mi) long and from 7 to 12 nautical miles (13 to 22 km; 8 to 14 mi) wide, separating the Joinville Island group from the northeast end of the Antarctic Peninsula. The sound was named by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskjöld for the expedition ship Antarctic which in 1902, under the command of Carl Anton Larsen, was the first vessel to navigate it.[1] Since 1998 cruise ships have been visiting the area.
Maxophone are an Italian progressive rock band formed in Milan in 1973.  They released one self-titled album in 1975.  The group was one of the few rock artists signed by the  Produttori Associati record label, which focused mostly on film soundtracks and jazz.  Maxophone have since acquired a minor cult following that has endured for over three decades, long after their short career had ended.[1]
KZFX (93.7 FM, "Z-93.7") is a commercial radio station that is licensed to Ridgecrest, California and serves the area along US-395 from Ridgecrest to Lone Pine. The station is owned by KZFX, LLC and broadcasts a classic rock format. KZFX also airs at kzfxradio.com.
The Evangelical Lutheran Church of Frederick, Maryland is the oldest Evangelical Lutheran Church in America in Maryland (1752) and one of the oldest in the United States. While the congregation began to meet in 1733, the first minister of the church was Rev. Bernard Michael Houseal (1752-1759).  The building of the church was slowed because of the outbreak of the French and Indian War but was completed before the war was over (1762).[1]
S. Leo Chiang is a documentary filmmaker. Born in Taiwan and based in San Francisco, Leo received his MFA in film production from University of Southern California. He lectured in the Social Documentation program at University of California, Santa Cruz, and had been a fellow in the Sundance Institute Documentary Film Program.
National Route 410 (N410) forms part of the Philippine highway network.[2] It runs from southern Cavite to Batangas.
"Cash is king" is a colloquial phrase sometimes used in analyzing businesses or investment portfolios. It may refer to the importance of cash flow in the overall fiscal health of a business. In corporate finance, the expression refers to the fact that only future free cash flows or dividends are relevant for valuation (finance) and not, for example, accounting earnings.  For investors it may also describe times when it is advantageous to have a large percentage of cash or short-term debt instruments available either due to falling financial markets or due to the availability of investment opportunities.

George C. Bennett (September 24, 1824 – January 3, 1885) was an English-American newspaper printer and politician.
Paul Sarebresole (May 1875 - October 3, 1911) was an early composer of ragtime music. 
Klein Barkau is a municipality in the district of Plön, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Arthur Verdier (1835–1898) was a French mariner, shipowner, merchant and pioneer. From 1871 to 1889, he was the French resident in Grand-Bassam and Assinie, in present-day Côte d'Ivoire. He was an active participant in the development of this region.
Panzer Digest is a wargaming periodical published by Minden Games. It is published quarterly in a digest format.[1] The digest is edited by Gary Graber.[2]
Mor Katzir (Hebrew: מור קציר; born August 23, 1980) is an Israeli model from Haifa, Israel.[1]
Kåre Fossum (born 19 September 1936) is a Norwegian veterinarian.
Frankfurt Lokalbahnhof is an underground S-Bahn station in the district of Sachsenhausen of Frankfurt am Main, Germany. The station was opened when the City Tunnel was extended to Frankfurt South station in 1990. It consists of two tracks, surrounding a central platform.
Muscatel refers to a distinctive flavor found in some Darjeeling teas, especially the second-flush teas. It has been described as a "distinct sweet flavour" that is not present in other flushes or tea from other localities,[1] a "musky spiciness," [2] "a unique muscat-like fruitiness in aroma and flavour,"[3] or "dried raisins with a hay like finish."[4] Though difficult to describe,[4] it is prized by tea aficionados.[5]
10 Years is a 2011 American romantic comedy written and directed by Jamie Linden in his directorial debut.[2] It stars an ensemble cast including Channing Tatum, Jenna Dewan, Justin Long, Kate Mara, Rosario Dawson, Oscar Isaac, Lynn Collins, Chris Pratt, Scott Porter, Brian Geraghty, Aubrey Plaza, and Anthony Mackie. It was released September 14, 2012, in select theaters.
The Impala Group of Hotels is a hotel chain in northern Tanzania. The group's parent company is the Impala-based at Kijenge Estates, which was founded in 1988 by  A.M. Mrema. The group currently[when?] operates three hotels in three locations with a total of 664 rooms, 16 conference halls including the biggest in eastern Arica, Tanzania Conference Centre, with facilities for up to 7,000 people.[1][2][3][4][5]
Beeches Old Boys F.C. is a football club based on the Channel Island of Jersey. They are affiliated to the Jersey Football Association and play in the Jersey Football Combination Championship.[1][2]
The meridian 95° west of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, North America, the Gulf of Mexico, Central America, the Pacific Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
Céline Marthe Ratsiraka is a Malagasy politician, political figure, and widow of former President Didier Ratsiraka. Ratsiraka is the longest tenured First Lady of Madagascar in the country's history, having held the position from 1975 to 1993 and from 1997 until 2002.[1] She was an influential figure within the ruling Association for the Rebirth of Madagascar (AREMA) from the 1970s to the 1990s, especially within the party's left-wing.[2][3]
Alexandros Voilis (Greek: Αλέξανδρος Βοΐλης; born 26 May 2000) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a forward for Super League club Panetolikos.[1]
The gens Caepasia or Cepasia was an obscure plebeian family at Ancient Rome. It is known primarily from two brothers, Gaius and Lucius Caepasius, who obtained the quaestorship through their oratorical skill. Cicero describes them as contemporaries of Quintus Hortensius, and says that they were hard workers, although their rhetorical style was relatively simple.  Several members of this gens are known from early Christian inscriptions at Rome, including a number of children.[1][2][3][4]
Hamidou Bojang (born 1 January 1997) is a Gambian international footballer who plays for ASC Linguère, as a defender.
The Porcelaine [pɔʁsəlɛn] is a breed of dog originating from France. In 1844, this scent hound was originally called “Briquets Francs Comtois” and named after a French region bordering Switzerland.[1]
Aluf (Hebrew: אלוף, lit. 'champion' or "First\leader of a group" in Biblical Hebrew) is a senior military rank in the Israel Defence Forces (IDF) for officers who in other countries would have the rank of general, air marshal, or admiral. In addition to the aluf rank,  four other ranks are derivatives of the word, together, constituting the five highest ranks in the IDF.
The local conference of bishops is the Episcopal Conference of Mali (French: Episcopal Conférence du Mali, EMC), established in 1970.
Quintín Quintana Lauchen (c. 1845/50 – 1902), born Liu Tang Sin Shin, Leotàn Sin-Shin, or Leo Shin, was a Chinese-Peruvian, later Chinese-Chilean, merchant and police detective. Born in China, he worked as a coolie in Peru and took a Spanish-language name. During the War of the Pacific, fought by Peru and Bolivia against Chile, Quintana joined the Chilean intelligence service and led a Chinese émigré collaboration effort against the Peruvian government.
Eleazar of Modi'im (Hebrew: אלעזר המודעי) was a Jewish scholar of the second tannaitic generation (1st and 2nd centuries), disciple of Johanan ben Zakkai,[1] and contemporary of Joshua ben Hananiah and Eliezer ben Hyrcanus.[2]
"To-Search" is the debut single by the Japanese rock band Buck Tick. It was released on October 21, 1986 through the independent label Taiyo Records with the catalog number LEO 007.[1] "To-Search" peaked at number 6 on the Japanese Indie Singles chart.[2] The single's b-side, "Plastic Syndrome Type-2", was later featured on the group's debut studio album Hurry Up Mode in 1987, while "To-Search" was later released as the b-side to the "Just One More Kiss" single in 1988.
Maksim Dimitrievski is the incumbent mayor of Kumanovo Municipality. Previously he was a member of the City Council, President of the Council of Kumanovo Municipality, and a member of the Assembly of the Republic of Macedonia.
Bandajou is a village on the island of Anjouan in the Comoros. According to the 1991 census the town had a population of 1,129. The current estimate for 2009 is 1,988 people[1]
Kishorilal Roy Chowdhury (19 November 1848 – 3 July 1925)[1] was a Bengali zamindar. He was a member of the Baliati Zamindari.[1]
These are the results for the 39th edition of the Ronde van Nederland cycling race, which was held from August 24 to August 28, 1999. The race started in Gouda (South Holland) and finished in Landgraaf (Limburg).
Buena Vista is a plantation with a historic mansion located about 3.8 miles (6.1 km) southeast of Stonewall, Louisiana, U.S.. It was built in 1859 for Boykin Witherspoon by M. Robbins.[2][3][4]
Apart from the immigrant community that makes up the vast majority of Serbs in Slovenia, there are a few villages in the southern region of White Carniola inhabited by descendants of Serbs (Uskoks) that fled from the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century, beginning in 1528 and permanent by 1593. These immigrants founded settlements in which descendants of Serbs live to these days: Bojanci, Marindol, Paunoviči, Adlešiči, Žuniči, Miliči and others. The majority of the community (Slovene: Srbi v Beli krajini) have kept the Serbian Orthodox faith and their distinctive culture, although they have been almost completely assimilated to their Slovene-speaking environment. Some of them became Uniate (Eastern Catholic) in the 17th and 18th century.
Arnstein is a town in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It was formed on 1 January 2010 by the voluntary merger of twelve former municipalities.[3] Its mayor is Frank Sehnert.[4]

BlackRock Greater Europe Investment Trust (LSE: BRGE) is a large British investment trust dedicated to small, mid and large-sized European company investments. Established as the Merrill Lynch Greater Europe Investment Trust in June 2004,[1][2] it adopted the current name in 2008.[3] the fund has been managed by BlackRock since 2008 and the chairman is Eric Sanderson. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.[4]
An offline root certificate authority is a certificate authority (as defined in the X.509 standard and RFC 5280) which has been isolated from network access, and is often kept in a powered-down state.
Quail Creek State Park is a state park of Utah, United States, featuring a 600-acre (240 ha) reservoir. The park is located within Hurricane, Utah, 9 miles (14 km) west of the city center and 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of the historic ghost town of Harrisburg. Quail Creek State Park offers camping, boating, swimming, and fishing.[3]
Stanyslav Pylypovych Lyudkevych (Ukrainian: Станіслав Пилипович Людкевич; 24 January 1879 – 10 September 1979) was a Ukrainian composer, theorist, teacher, and musical activist. He was the People's Artist of the USSR in 1969. He earned a Doctor of Philosophy in musicology in Vienna, 1908. His name may alternatively be spelled as Stanislaw Ludkiewicz  (Polish) or Stanislav Filipovich Ludkevich (Russian).
In causal inference, a confounder (also confounding variable, confounding factor, extraneous determinant or lurking variable) is a variable that influences both the dependent variable and independent variable, causing a spurious association.  Confounding is a causal concept, and as such, cannot be described in terms of correlations or associations.[1][2][3] The existence of confounders is an important quantitative explanation why correlation does not imply causation.
Koyuntepe Dam is a dam in Turkey. The development was backed by the Turkish State Hydraulic Works.
Gone Phishin': A Bluegrass Tribute to Phish is a bluegrass tribute album to the rock band Phish led by the Canadian solo artist Brent Truitt. The album features reworked instrumental versions of songs from three Phish albums: Rift, A Picture of Nectar and The Story of the Ghost. The album was successful and a sequel - Still Phishin - was released in 2002.
The Cottage House, formerly known as the White Horse Inn and Vernon Stiles Inn, is a historic bed and breakfast located in Thompson, Connecticut, United States.
Kisiwani is an administrative ward in Same District of Kilimanjaro Region in Tanzania. The ward covers an area of 1,538 km2 (594 sq mi),[1] and has an average elevation of 656 m (2,152 ft).[2] According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 9,309.[3]
In mathematics, the Loewner differential equation, or Loewner equation, is an ordinary differential equation discovered by Charles Loewner in 1923 in complex analysis and geometric function theory. Originally introduced for studying slit mappings (conformal mappings of the open disk onto the complex plane with a curve joining 0 to ∞ removed), Loewner's method was later developed in 1943 by the Russian mathematician Pavel Parfenevich Kufarev (1909–1968). Any family of domains in the complex plane that expands continuously in the sense of Carathéodory to the whole plane leads to a one parameter family of conformal mappings, called a Loewner chain, as well as a two parameter family of holomorphic univalent self-mappings of the unit disk, called a Loewner semigroup. This semigroup corresponds to a time dependent holomorphic vector field on the disk given by a one parameter family of holomorphic functions on the disk with positive real part. The Loewner semigroup generalizes the notion of a univalent semigroup.

Florence Ethel Birchenough (13 January 1894 – 3 July 1973) was a British track and field athlete, recognised as the first British woman to find international success in throwing events.
Plateau United Football Club of Jos (usually known as Plateau United) is a Nigerian professional football (soccer) club based in Jos, that competes in the  Nigerian Professional Football League. Before 1991, they were known as the JIB Strikers FC.[3] The name "Plateau United" was the former name of their cross-town rivals Mighty Jets.[4]
In linguistics, referential indeterminacy is a situation in which different people vary in naming objects. For example, William Labov studied this effect using illustrations of different drinking vessels to see what people would label as "cups" and what people would label as "mugs".
Target Tokyo is a 22-minute film produced by the US Air Force and portraying the travels of an aircraft bomber and its crew from training in the U.S. and Saipan to the bombing of Tokyo.[2] It was partially shot in Saipan, thus becoming the first example of a cinema of Northern Mariana Islands. Future U.S. president Ronald Reagan was the narrator. General Henry H. Arnold starred as himself.[1]
Dongfeng Yangtse (扬子江汽车集团有限公司), formerly Yangzijiang Dongfeng Automobile (Wuhan) Co., Ltd. (东风扬子江汽车(武汉)有限责任公司), is a bus manufacturing company based in Wuhan, Hubei, China, founded in 2004.
Shameless (Czech: Nestyda), is a 2008 Czech comedy film directed by Jan Hřebejk.[1] Following their collaborations on A Novel for Women and The Holiday Makers, Czech filmmaker Hřebejk and author Michal Viewegh reunited for Shameless, a comic romp based on Viewegh's bestselling Tales of Marriage and Sex. Overall, the film was a commercial success.[2]
Mustafa Mauludi is a kurdish politician and the ex-leader of Kurdistan Democratic Party (Iran). He was selected as leader by central committee of KDP (Iran) on 15 January 2017 after resignation of Khaled Azizi.[1][2][3]
Uncharted: Drake's Fortune Original Soundtrack from the Video Game is the soundtrack to the 2007 action-adventure video game Uncharted: Drake's Fortune, developed by Naughty Dog. Composed by Greg Edmonson and performed by the Skywalker Session Orchestra, it was released on November 20, 2007 by the game's publisher, Sony Computer Entertainment.
West Harrison is a town in Harrison Township, Dearborn County, Indiana, United States. The population was 289 at the 2010 census.
Henry Adler (June 28, 1915 – September 30, 2008) was an American jazz drummer, teacher, author, and publisher. He taught drummer Buddy Rich how to read music and co-wrote Buddy Rich's Modern Interpretation of Snare Drum Rudiments, published in 1942.
Zoila Rosa Stewart Lee (born 1 November 1968) is a retired Costa Rican sprinter who competed primarily in the 400 metres.[1] She represented her country at two Olympic Games, in 1992 and 1996, as well as four World Championships. In addition she won the silver medal at the 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games and multiple medals at Central American Games.
Rodik (pronounced [ˈɾɔːdik]) is a village northeast of Kozina in the Municipality of Hrpelje-Kozina in the Littoral region of Slovenia.[2]
"Secret Garden" is a single released by Gackt on November 16, 2000 under Nippon Crown.[1] It peaked at tenth place on the Oricon weekly chart and charted for five weeks.[2][3]
White Rock Pier is a 470-metre-long (1,540 ft) pier in White Rock, British Columbia. Originally built in 1914, it was a dock for steamships that arrived when the Great Northern Railway began operation.[1] On December 20, 2018, the pier was severely damaged during a wind storm.[2] It is estimated that the cost to rebuild the pier is $16.2 million.[3]
The pier was repaired and reopened in 2019. It is often erroneously claimed to be Canada's longest pier. However, there are several longer piers in Canada, the longest of which is the Quai de Portneuf in Portneuf, Quebec.[4][5]
Arcomps (French pronunciation: ​[aʁkɔ̃]) is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.

This is a list of attacks on the Gaza Strip in 2009 by the Israeli Defense Forces and the Israeli Air Force.
Glenn Hubbard Hearn (April 17, 1914 – January 7, 1978) was an American politician who served as mayor of Huntsville, Alabama, from 1964 to 1968.[2] He also served as a special agent for the Federal Bureau of Investigation from 1941 until becoming mayor, and as the senior agent in charge of the North Alabama division since 1944.[3]
Diego Ariel Duarte Garcete (born 8 April 2002) is a Paraguayan footballer who plays as a forward for Club Olimpia.
The Black Mingo Group is a geologic group in South Carolina composed of dark grey to black clays, shales, laminated sandy shales, and yellow-red sands. The group's name comes from Black Mingo Creek where outcrops of the group are exposed. The bottom boundary is an unconformity with Cretaceous deposits. It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period.
La Garde (French pronunciation: ​[la ɡaʁd]) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.
Sonia Cotelle, née Slobodkine (19 June 1896 – 18 January 1945), was a Polish radiochemist.
Maastricht: Open Eerlijk Democratisch (also known as M:OED) is a local political party in Maastricht, Netherlands.[1] The party was formed in December 2017 to contest the municipal election in Maastricht.[2] The current party's leader is Martin van Rooij. [3] The Majority of the party members are under 35 and either students or employees at the University of Maastricht.[4] M:OED received over 2,800 votes in Maastricht municipal election on 21 March 2018 and got two seats in the municipal council[5] with the highest percentage amongst all new parties in the elections, surpassing Geert Wilders' Party for Freedom.[6][7]
WRND (94.3 FM, "Rewind 94.3") is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Oak Grove, Kentucky with offices located in Clarksville, Tennessee. WRND and its sister stations are known as the "Five Star Radio Group" and is owned by Saga Communications.
Nikolaos Politis or Nikolaos Polites (also spelled Nicolas Politis; Greek: Νικόλαος Πολίτης; 1872 in Corfu, Greece[1] – 1942 in Cannes, France) was a Greek diplomat in the early 20th century. He was a professor of law by training, and prior to the First World War, he taught law at the University of Paris and at the University of Aix.
Vietnam is located on the eastern margin of the Indochinese peninsula and occupies about 331,211.6 square kilometres (127,881.5 sq mi), of which about 25% was under cultivation in 1987. It borders the Gulf of Tonkin, Gulf of Thailand, and Pacific Ocean, along with China, Laos, and Cambodia. The elongated roughly S shaped country has a north-to-south distance of 1,650 km (1,030 mi) and is about 50 km (31 mi) wide at the narrowest point. With a coastline of 3,260 km (2,030 mi), excluding islands, Vietnam claims 12 nautical miles (22.2 km; 13.8 mi) as the limit of its territorial waters, an additional 12 nautical miles (22.2 km; 13.8 mi) as a contiguous customs and security zone. It has an exclusive economic zone of 417,663 km2 (161,261 sq mi) with 200 nautical miles (370.4 km; 230.2 mi).
Paul Lyon Houston (born January 27, 1947) is Professor Emeritus of Chemistry at Cornell University and Professor Emeritus of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the Georgia Institute of Technology.
Leo Wagner (13 May 1919 – 8 November 2006) was a German politician (CSU). Between 1961 and his resignation from it, formally at the end of 1976, he served as a member of the West German Bundestag (parliament). For many years he was part of the inner political circle around the party leader, Franz Josef Strauß.[1][2][3]
[4]
Val (German: Wall) is a municipality and village in Rychnov nad Kněžnou District in the Hradec Králové Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 300 inhabitants.
Nordvestfyenske Jernbane (Railway of Northwest Funen, abbreviated OMB for "Odense–Middelfart–Bogense") was a Danish railway from Odense to Middelfart via Brenderup, with a branch from Brenderup to Bogense.

"Blessed July" is the English translation of "Tamooz Mubarak."  This was the codename of a series of bombings and assassinations on targets in and outside of Iraq.  These operations were ordered by Saddam Hussein's Fedayeen Saddam, supposedly Uday Hussein himself, to use martyrs as suicide bombers.[citation needed]
The ECOWAS Court of Justice is an organ of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a regional integration community of 15 member states in Western Africa. It was created pursuant to the provisions of Articles 6 and 15 of the Revised Treaty of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS).[1]
Rrencë is a village in the former municipality Guri i Zi, northern Albania. At the 2015 local government reform it became part of the municipality Shkodër.[1] It is located 1.5 km east from the city of Shkodër and consists of 860 inhabitants and 236 houses.
Gia Bình is a township (thị trấn) and capital of Gia Bình District, Bắc Ninh Province, Vietnam.[1]
The San Lucio Pass (Italian: Passo San Lucio), located in the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 1,541 metres (5,056 ft) above sea level, connects the Val Cavargna in the Italian province of Como with the Val Colla in the Swiss canton of Ticino. The pass is shared by the municipalities of Cavargna (Italy) and Bogno (Switzerland).[1][2][3]
Down (re-titled The Shaft on DVD) is a 2001 science fiction horror film written and directed by Dick Maas and starring James Marshall, Naomi Watts, and Eric Thal. It is a remake of the 1983 Dutch-language film De Lift (The Elevator), which was also directed by Maas.
Fundacion Manantiales (Manantiales Foundation) is a non-governmental organization, dedicated to the prevention and attendance of addictions. It has 9 seats in Argentina, Uruguay, Brazil and Spain with 14 welfare preventive programs,  where around 300 people are daily attended. It was created 16 March 1993, in the city of San  Isidro, Province of Buenos Aires (Argentina). It is a consulting member of the OAS and has subscribed an agreement with the UNDCP in Argentina and Uruguay, to offer workshops to prevent drugs in labor areas.
At present, 300 people from the different centers are under treatment.   
It has been the organizer in Argentina and Uruguay of the international prevention campaign “Winners don’t use drugs” and “I feel good without drugs” in which many important figures of the political, artistic and business areas joined against the addictions.
Manantiales Foundation created infodroga and infoanorexia, which are telephone information services, 24 hours a day and totally free for all the community. These services have had successful outcomes in the most developed countries and are installed in Buenos Aires and Montevideo (Uruguay).
Manantiales Foundation is the only institution in Argentina and Uruguay, that has recently subscribed an agreement with UNDCP and SESI (Social Service for Industries) from Brazil for the implementation of an international prevention program. This program is directed to institutions, communities and companies. The main objective is to give moral awareness about this problem, trying to find better and healthier choices for life, through the participation and commitment of employers and their employees.
San Pietro is a Roman Catholic parish church located on Corso Valsesia in the town of Gattinara, province of Vercelli, region of Piedmont, Italy. The church was built adjacent to a Canons Regular of the Lateran (Augustinian) convent. Documents recall a rural parish here dating to the early 12th century. This church gained local prominence over the next centuries, and by 1298, the attached convent owned lands throughout the valley. The present church retains the late-Romanesque brick portal, but was rebuilt in the 19th century.[1]
Branislav Mihajlović (Serbian Cyrillic: Бранислав Михајловић; born 1953) is a politician in Serbia. He has served in the National Assembly of Serbia since 2016. Mihajlović was initially a member of the It's Enough – Restart (Dosta je bilo, DJB) association, better known in English by the name "Enough Is Enough," of which he was the leader from April to November 2018. Since November 2018, he has served in the assembly as an independent.
Luce Line Trail is a 74.9-mile (120.5 km), shared-use path in Minnesota, United States, that stretches from Cosmos to Minneapolis.[1] The trail system was built after 1995, when the Luce Line Railroad was abandoned west of Interstate 494. The previous line extended 104 miles (167 km) to Gluek.[2] The multi-use trail has varying surface features, though it is primarily made up of crushed limestone or aggregate base, and the section from Cosmos to Cedar Mills is undeveloped, as are the sections from just west of Hutchinson to Winsted and east of Plymouth. The trail is maintained by the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources west of Vicksburg Lane where it is named Luce Line State Trail. East of Vicksburg Lane, it is maintained by the Three Rivers Park District and named Luce Line Regional Trail.
The Venerable Ambalangoda Polwatte Buddhadatta Mahanayake Thera (A. P. Buddhadatta) (1887–1962) was a Theravada Buddhist monk and a professor of Buddhist philosophy at Vidyalankara University.[1] During 1928 he travelled to Switzerland[2] to teach Pāli but found no suitable students.
William Taylor (April 5, 1788 – January 17, 1846) was a nineteenth-century congressman and lawyer from Virginia.
Amixetrine (INN) (brand name Somagest; developmental code name CERM-898) is a drug that was formerly marketed in France but is now no longer sold.[1][2] According to various sources it has been said to be an anti-inflammatory, antidepressant, antispasmodic, anticholinergic, antihistamine, and antiserotonergic, but its definitive indications and pharmacology are unclear.[1][2] The drug was first synthesized in 1969 and was introduced in France in 1972.[1][2]
The Revmaster R-2300 is a 4 stroke aircraft engine for Homebuilt aircraft[1][2]
Nina Bulatović (born 9 December 1996) is a Montenegrin handballer for Gloria Bistrița and the Montenegrin national team.[1]
Pirmasens Hauptbahnhof is a terminal station in the town of Pirmasens, in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate, about one kilometre from the city centre. It was opened on 25 November 1875 and is the terminus of the Biebermühl Railway (Biebermühlbahn), which was also opened in 1875 as a branch line from the Southern Palatinate Railway (Südpfalzbahn). The Pirmasens Nord station lies on the edge of Thaleischweiler-Fröschen, so Pirmasens Hauptbahnhof is actually the only station in the city of Pirmasens.
Bartolommeo Torregiani (died c. 1674) was an Italian painter of the Baroque. He was a follower of Salvatore Rosa, and painted landscapes and portraits. He is said to have died in 1674.
The 2015–16 East Tennessee State Buccaneers women's basketball team represented East Tennessee State University (ETSU) during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The "Bucs", led by third year head coach Brittney Ezell, played their home games at the Freedom Hall Civic Center as members of the Southern Conference (SoCon). They finished the season 16–14, 8–6 in SoCon play to finish in fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the SoCon women's tournament to Furman.
Signal Peak, with an elevation of 10,369 feet (3,160 m), is the highest peak in the Pine Valley Mountains and in Washington County in southwestern Utah, United States. Signal Peak is located north of the city of St. George and south of the community of Pine Valley in the Dixie National Forest.[5][6] The summit is the highest point in the Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness.[1]
Vivo is a live album released by Puerto Rican singer Vico C released on June 5, 2001, by EMI Latin. It offers a collection of Vico C's greatest hits recorded entirely live in a concert held at the Luis Muñoz Marín Amphitheater in Hato Rey recorded in 1999. Also, Vivo presents a medley made up of some of Vico C's most popular songs: "El Filósofo", "La Calle", "En Coma", "Sin Pena" and "La Recta Final" and the unreleased song "El Super Heroe" along with a comic book focused on that character was included in the album.[1][2]
Memorial Hospital is a short-term acute care hospital located in South Bend, Indiana. The hospital was founded in 1894 with three patient beds. Today, the hospital has 526 beds and is a designated Level II trauma center.[1][2] 
The hospital places a large emphasis on innovation, and is the second-largest employer in the St. Joseph County, Indiana area.[3]
The Hi-Life Hustle is the third studio album by American rapper Hi-C from Compton, California. It was released on October 21, 2003, via Rap-A-Lot Records. The album features guest appearances from DJ Quik, Bigg Steele, E-40, Nate Dogg, Too Swift, Suga Free, Diamonique, Sly Boogy, James DeBarge, and Pryncezz.
Roger Legris (3 July 1898 – 22 May 1981) was a French actor.
Monica Kristensen Solås (born 30 June 1950), is a Norwegian glaciologist, meteorologist, polar explorer and crime novelist. She was awarded a Founders Gold Medal by the Royal Geographical Society in 1989.[1]
The Lost Boys are characters from J. M. Barrie's 1904 play Peter Pan, or The Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up and later adaptations and extensions to the story.[1] They are boys "who fall out of their prams when the nurse is looking the other way and if they are not claimed in seven days, they are sent far away to the Neverland," where Peter Pan is their captain.[2]
Batuhan Özgür (born 1 February 1998 in Alanya) is a Turkish cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Sofer Savini Due OMZ.[2]
Bendix Helicopters, Inc. was the last company founded by prolific inventor Vincent Bendix, in 1943 in Connecticut. [1] It ceased operations in 1949. [1]
 Katharine Gibbs  (also Catharine Ryan and Katherine Ryan) (1863–1934) was the founder of Gibbs College, which became a for-profit institution of higher education.
W. Morgan Petty is the creation of  Brian Bethell. W. Morgan Petty would write crank letters to numerous organizations expressing typical concerns for mid-1980s Britain like nuclear war and the common market. Collections of his letters include:
Gil Gabriel Noam, Ed.D., Dr. Habil is the founder and director of The PEAR Institute: Partnerships in Education and Resilience.[1] and an associate professor at Harvard Medical School and McLean Hospital.[2] Trained as a clinical and developmental psychologist and psychoanalyst in both Europe and the United States, Noam has a strong interest in supporting resilience in youth, especially in educational settings.[3] He served as the director of the Risk and Prevention program, and is the founder of the RALLY Prevention Program, a Boston-based intervention that bridges social and academic support in school, afterschool, and community settings.[4] Noam has also followed a large group of high-risk children into adulthood in a longitudinal study that explores clinical, educational, and occupational outcomes.
Nicole Lyn Letourneau (born in Fredericton, New Brunswick) is a Canadian professor and researcher. She is a Research Chair in Parent and Child Mental Health at the University of Calgary. Formerly she held the Alberta Children's Hospital Chair and Norlien Foundation Chair in Parent-Infant Mental Health (2011–2021) and Canada Research Chair in Healthy Child Development (2007–2011). She currently serves as the director of the RESOLVE Alberta and principal investigator for the CHILD (Child Health Intervention and Longitudinal Development) Studies Program at Alberta Children's Hospital Research Institute.[1][failed verification] She has written over 210 peer-reviewed publications; authored the books, Parenting and Child Development: Issues and Answers, What Kind of Parent Am I: Self-Surveys That Reveal The Impact of Toxic Stress Scientific Parenting: What Science reveals about Parental Impact, and has contributed more than 20 other books on parenting and childcare.[2][3]

The Aurora Awards for Fan Achievement is a section in the annual Aurora Awards which are granted by the Canadian SF and Fantasy Association and SFSF Boreal Inc. Several categories of awards for Fan Achievement have been granted over the years for both English-language and French-language fans. The first Fan Award was the Aurora Award for Fan Achievement, first granted in 1986. Since then, several categories have been created, with 4 still currently being given. In 2017 no awards for Fan Achievement in any anglophone categories were given.
The Regis School of the Sacred Heart is an elementary and middle school for boys located at 7330 Westview Drive in the Spring Branch area of Houston, in the U.S. state of Texas. The all boys school serves students in pre-kindergarten through eighth grade. The school has been single gender and non-profit since its founding and is a Houston Area Independent School. Regis is also part of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Galveston-Houston. As of 2022, the school has about 277 students enrolled, and it celebrated its thirtieth anniversary during the 2021–22 school year. Regis, an independent Catholic school, is the only all-boys school of the Archdiocese to have early childhood, elementary, and middle school programs in one school.[1] Regis is the brother school of the Duchesne Academy of the Sacred Heart.[2]
The 151st Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Montgomery County and includes the following areas:[1]
Xu Jiajun (simplified Chinese: 许嘉俊; traditional Chinese: 許嘉俊; pinyin: Xǔ Jiājùn; born 29 May 1995) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a midfielder or defender for Qingdao Hainiu.
Gold is a compilation album by Canadian rock band Rush, released on April 25, 2006.
This is the discography of American blues musician Robert Cray.
The Abbey of Montesanto or Abbazia di Santa Maria in Montesanto is Romanesque-style Benedictine monastery located in the rural hills outside the town of Civitella del Tronto, in the province of Teramo, Abruzzo, Italy.
The Mesa House, or Dr. Mesa House, is a historic house on Maxwell St. in Hagåtña, Guam.
Monumbo is a Papuan language of Papua New Guinea. There is an early description in German.[2] It is closely related to Lilau.
Beatrice Ancillotti Goretti (1879–1937) was an Italian artist who painted in the Renaissance tradition.
William Jeremiah "Lord" Byron (September 18, 1872 – December 27, 1955) was an American Major League Baseball umpire.[1] Byron was known as the "Singing Umpire", because he would occasionally sing his calls.[2]
Rukn al-Dīn Mesud ibn Kilij Arslan or Mesud I (Modern Turkish: I. Rükneddin Mesud or Masud (Persian: ركن الدین مسعود) was the sultan of the Sultanate of Rûm from 1116 until his death in 1156.
Jõeküla is a village in Türi Parish, Rapla County in western-central Estonia.[1]
General elections were held in the Netherlands Antilles on 21 December 1950. These snap elections were necessary because in the 'Interimregeling' the number of seats and the divisions of the seats in the Estates of the Netherlands Antilles was changed.

The Peregrinatio ad Petri Sedem, abbreviated P.A.P.S., was a papal institution for assistance to pilgrims to Rome and certain other Catholic sites and events.
When Empty Hearts Are Filled is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Archer MacMackin starring Louise Lester, Vivian Rich, and Harry von Meter.

The Sumathi Best Teledrama Series Award is presented annually in Sri Lanka by the Sumathi Group of Companies, and is  associated with many commercial brands for the best Sri Lankan teledrama series of the year on the television screen.[1]
Itwara Central Forest Reserve is a body of medium altitude moist semi-deciduous forest in the Kyenjojo District, western Uganda. It is 87 km2[1] in size and is partly used as protection and production forest area by the NFA.[2] 258 plant species have been identified within the forest of which trees compose 248. A group of 120 chimpanzees has been reported living there.[3] Seven species are endemic to this eco-region and 10 are threatened.
Bordering the forests are tea plantations and communities living from subsistence agriculture. Problems in the past have been poaching and encroachment in the northern part of the reserve.[4]
Robert Babicz (born January 5, 1973 in Niemodlin, Poland) is a Polish-born music producer, mastering engineer and live performer living in Malta. With a career spanning nearly three decades covering genres from techno to acid house to minimal, Robert has also been known under the pseudonyms Rob Acid, Acid Warrior, Department of Dance and Sontec amongst many others.[1] He has released a number of well respected records on labels such as Kompakt, Systematic Recordings, Treibstoff, Bedrock,[2] Intec Digital and Steve Bug's Audiomatique, as well his own labels, Junkfood, Babiczstyle and Dirtcut. He is well known as a live performer rather than a DJ, as he uses synths and live equipment and improvises in every set he plays.
Wólka-Wojciechówek (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvulka vɔjt͡ɕɛˈxuvɛk]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rząśnik, within Wyszków County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]
From Earth to Heaven is a collection of seventeen scientific essays by American writer and scientist Isaac Asimov. It was the fifth of a series of books collecting essays from The Magazine of Fantasy and Science Fiction. It was first published by Doubleday & Company in 1966.
Budd Lake is a lake in Martin County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.[1]
Agate Beach is located in Stanton Township, Michigan near Toivola and is named after the agate rocks that are found on the shore.[1][2]
Donington Park is a 32.9-hectare (81-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest west of Castle Donington in Leicestershire.[1][2] It is separate from the nearby Donington Park motorsport circuit.
James S. Gwin (born August 10, 1954) is a senior United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio.
Brahmā is a leading god (deva) and heavenly king in Buddhism.[1][2] He is considered as a protector of teachings (dharmapala),[3] and he is never depicted in early Buddhist texts as a creator god.[4] In Buddhist tradition, it was the deity Brahma Sahampati[5] who appeared before the Buddha and invited him to teach, once the Buddha attained enlightenment.[3]
Gabby Gator is an animated cartoon character, an anthropomorphic alligator who appeared in several cartoons produced by Walter Lantz and distributed by Universal Pictures.
Scott Davis and Tim Wilkison were the defending champions but lost in the first round to Tim Pawsat and Laurie Warder.
The 1996–97 Liga Leumit season saw Beitar Jerusalem win their third title. Hapoel Tayibe (the first Arab club to play in the top flight since the establishment of Israel) and Tzafririm Holon were relegated to Liga Artzit. Motti Kakoun of Hapoel Petah Tikva was the league's top scorer with 20 goals.
The Parisian Woman is a 2013 play by Beau Willimon. It premiered at the South Coast Repertory in April 2013 and centers on Chloe, a socialite armed with charm and wit, coming to terms with politics, her past, her marriage and an uncertain future. The play opened on Broadway on November 30, 2017. The play is inspired by Henri Becque’s La Parisienne (fr).[1]
Uoniverse is an album by jazz bassist Ugonna Okegwo released in 2002. The album is Okegwo's first release as a leader.[4] The album consists of five original compositions by Okegwo and five new arrangements of jazz classics, including Thelonious Monk's "Let's Call This". Jazzreview.com gave the album a rating of 4 stars and called Okegwo one of the leading bassists of his generation.[3] All About Jazz highly recommended the album, calling it "truly diverse" and the band's rhythm "impeccable".[4]
Dark Sun is the fifth studio album by American post-hardcore band Dayseeker. The album was released on November 4, 2022, through Spinefarm Records and was produced by Daniel Braunstein.[8][9][10][11][12][13]
The Cambodian Marine Corps or Corps de Fusiliers-Marins Khmères (CFMK) in French, were the Naval Infantry branch of the Khmer National Navy (French: Marine National Khmère – MNK) during the 1970-75 Cambodian Civil War.
Carmen Fraga Estévez (born 19 October 1948, in León) is a Spanish politician of the People's Party, who served as a Member of the European Parliament from 1994 until 2014. She is a member of the Bureau of the European People's Party.
Arpeni (Armenian: Արփենի) is a village in the Ashotsk Municipality of the Shirak Province of Armenia. Within the village is a 19th-century church. The Statistical Committee of Armenia reported its population was 397 in 2010,[1] up from 373 at the 2001 census.[2]
Americana III or alternatively California Americana III is a 2010 album by Canadian singer Roch Voisine. It was a follow-up of his successful Americana album in 2008 and Americana II album in 2009. The album was also known as the California album in contrast to the first two that were recorded mostly in Nashville, Tennessee.
Heineman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Dietmar Kantauer (born 19 May 1971) is an Austrian former footballer who played as a forward.
Emotan (15th century) was a market woman who traded in foodstuffs around  the Oba Market in the ancient Benin kingdom during the reign of Oba Uwaifiokun and Prince Ogun, who later took the name "Oba Ewuare the Great" after becoming the Oba of Benin.[1][2][3]
She is the pioneer of the first day care centre in Benin City; oral history said she assisted Oba Ewuare in reclaiming the throne as Oba of Benin after several years in exile.[4]
The 1999 Asian Karate Championships are the 4th edition of the Asian Karate Championships, and were held in Singapore from 1 to 2 December 1999.
Topher Payne (born 1979) is an American playwright and screenwriter based in Atlanta, Georgia. Two of his plays premiered in 2015: Perfect Arrangement, which premiered Off-Broadway and was produced by Primary Stages,[1] and Angry Fags, which was produced at Chicago's Steppenwolf Theatre.[2] Perfect Arrangement was awarded the M. Elizabeth Osborn Award for best new play by an emerging playwright by the American Theatre Critics Association in 2014.[3] Since 2016, he has scripted five original films for The Hallmark Channel, including My Summer Prince and the Gift to Remember series.[4]
Ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), also known as intraductal carcinoma, is a pre-cancerous or non-invasive cancerous lesion of the breast.[1][2] DCIS is classified as Stage 0.[3] It rarely produces symptoms or a breast lump one can feel, typically being detected through screening mammography.[4][5] It has been diagnosed in a significant percentage of men (see male breast cancer).[6]
Andreas Crismanto Ado (born 15 March 1997) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga 2 club Maluku Utara United.
Larzandan (Persian: لارزندان, also romanized as Lārzandān) is a village in Hati Rural District, Hati District, Lali County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 113, in 21 families.[1]
2V70, 2V9S, 2V9T, 2WFHTriumph the Church and Kingdom of God in Christ is an African American Holiness-Pentecostal denomination founded in 1897 by Apostle "Father" Elias Dempsey Smith.[1] Around 1936 there were two congregations and thirty-six members, by 1972 there were 425 congregations located in the United States, Africa, and the Philippines. As of 2011, there are congregations in 36 states within the USA and Liberia, West Africa. [2]
The Cooking Gene: A Journey Through African American Culinary History in the Old South is an American non-fiction book written by Michael W. Twitty. It was published in 2017 and is a food memoir. The author combines intensive genealogical and historical research as well as personal accounts to support the argument that the origin of southern cuisine is heavily based in the continent of Africa.[1] The book was the recipient of the 2018 James Beard Foundation Book Award for Writing and Book of the Year.

The English cricket team in South Africa in 1913–14 was organised by Marylebone Cricket Club (MCC).  The team played as MCC in the non-Test fixtures and as England in the five Test matches.  They played 18 first-class matches including the Tests, winning 9 times with 8 draws and 1 defeat.[1]
Dedicated to You is a 1957 album by the R&B band, The "5" Royales.[2][3]
Ma Wara' al-Tabi'a (Arabic: ما وراء الطبيعة, lit. 'Beyond Nature'), which can be translated also as Metaphysics, Supernatural, or Paranormal is the title of a series of horror/thriller novels written by Ahmed Khaled Towfik. As of 2014, 81 novels were published. Set in the 1960s, it sees hematologist Dr. Refaat Ismail unwillingly become a go-to guy for paranormal investigations. A Netflix series, Paranormal, was released on 5 November, 2020.
Sergeiy Liminovich is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He won two medals in the C-1 10000 m at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver in 1979 and a bronze in 1981.
The Dirac sea is a theoretical model of the vacuum as an infinite sea of particles with negative energy. It was first postulated by the British physicist Paul Dirac in 1930[1] to explain the anomalous negative-energy quantum states predicted by the Dirac equation for relativistic electrons (electrons traveling near the speed of light).[2] The positron, the antimatter counterpart of the electron, was originally conceived of as a hole in the Dirac sea, before its experimental discovery in 1932.[nb 1]

The Tulane Green Wave college baseball team represents Tulane University in the American Athletic Conference (AAC).[1] The Green Wave compete as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division I.  The team has had 24 head coaches since it started playing organized baseball in the 1893 season.
Paico is one of 11 districts of the Sucre Province in the Ayacucho region in Peru.
Johnson's Woods (also known as the G. W. Carroll House) is a historic plantation house in Tuscumbia, Alabama.  The house was built in 1837 on land purchased by George W. Carroll in 1828.  A settler from Maryland, Carroll became the county's wealthiest planter by 1850.  Between 1855 and 1860, he moved to Arkansas, selling his plantation to William Mhoon.  Upon Mhoon's death in 1869, the plantation passed to William A. Johnson, a former Tennessee River steamboat operator and Confederate Army soldier.  In addition to farming, Johnson also revived his steamboat business, traded cotton in Memphis, and opened a mercantile business in Tuscumbia.  After his death in 1891 and his wife's in 1905, the land passed to his son, John W. Johnson.
Georg Ivanov Vasilev (Bulgarian: Георг Иванов Василев; born 29 October 1995) is a former Bulgarian footballer who played as a midfielder.[1]
Rony Kluger (Hebrew: רוני קלוגר; born 1952 in Budapest) is an Israeli budoka, teacher, lecturer and educator. He is certified as Hanshi, Ku Dan, in both Okinawan Gōjū-ryū Karate Do and Kobudo, by the Sho Honbu Jun Do Kan Okinawa Karate Do organization[3] and the Dai Nippon Butoku Kai.[4] He is a Ph.D. (Education Management) and is one of the founders of the International Budo Academy.[5]
Kernel density estimation is a nonparametric technique for  density estimation i.e., estimation of probability density functions, which is one of the fundamental questions in statistics. It can be viewed as a generalisation of histogram density estimation with improved statistical properties. Apart from histograms, other types of density estimators include parametric, spline, wavelet and Fourier series. Kernel density estimators were first introduced in the scientific literature for univariate data in the 1950s and 1960s[1][2] and subsequently have been widely adopted. It was soon recognised that analogous estimators for multivariate data would be an important addition to multivariate statistics. Based on research carried out in the 1990s and 2000s, multivariate kernel density estimation has reached a level of maturity comparable to its univariate counterparts.[3]
John "Ike" Lloyd Powers (March 13, 1906 – December 22, 1968) was an American professional baseball player who played two seasons for the Philadelphia Athletics during 1927 and 1928, appearing in twenty games as a pitcher, all but one of those appearances being in relief. He was born in Hancock, Maryland and died there at the age of 62.
Jean Aubert was a French engineer. In 1961 he used the idea of the German engineer Julius Greve from the last century to describe a pente d'eau, (English: water slope) which was a way of moving boats up the gradient of a canal without locks.  The design consisted of a sloping channel through which a wedge of water on which the boat was floating could be pushed up an incline.  This concept was used in both the Montech water slope[2] and the Fonserannes water slopes.[1][3]
The 1994 Moroccan census was held in Morocco in 1994. The census was conducted by the High Planning Commission.[1]
Kochi Rani Mondal (Bengali: কচি রানী মন্ডল) is a Bangladeshi national women Kabaddi player who was part of the team that won the bronze medal at the 2010 Asian Games.[1][2][3][4][5]
The BJW Junior Heavyweight Championship was a title defended in the Japanese professional wrestling promotion Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW). It was in use from 1998 through at least November 2002.
Megaloman (メガロマン, Megaroman) is the name and titular superhero of a tokusatsu SF/superhero/kaiju/Kyodai Hero TV series.  Created by Tetsu Kariya, the show was produced by Toho Company Ltd., and aired on Fuji TV from May 7 to December 24, 1979, with a total of 31 half-hour episodes.  Starting with Episode 14, the show's title became Flaming Superman Megaloman (炎の超人メガロマン - Honô no Chôjin Megaroman).
William A. "Bill" Heidt (born 1961)[1] is an American diplomat who was the United States Ambassador to Cambodia from 2015 to 2018. He was nominated on April 7, 2015, by President Barack Obama to succeed William E. Todd.[2] He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 5, 2015, and sworn in on September 14, 2015.[3] His term ended on November 28, 2018.
Texan victory;
Defending champion Novak Djokovic defeated Juan Martín del Potro in the final, 6–1, 3–6, 7–6(7–3) to win the singles tennis title at the 2013 Shanghai Masters.
Iophon (Greek: Ἰοφῶν, fl. 428 BC – 405 BC) was a Greek tragic poet, son of Sophocles, and brother to Ariston.
Carlo Bandirola (25 September 1915 – 21 September 1981) was an Italian Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He had his best years in 1950 then again in 1955 when he finished fifth in the 500cc world championship.[1]
Amazasp I (Georgian: ამაზასპი) was a king of Iberia (Kartli, modern eastern Georgia) whose reign is placed by the early medieval Georgian historical compendia in the 2nd century. Professor Cyril Toumanoff suggests 106–116 as the years of his reign, and considers him to be the son and successor of Mithridates I of Iberia who is known from epigraphic material as a Roman ally. Toumanoff also identifies him with the Amazaspus of the Stele of Vespasian and Xepharnuges of the Stele of Serapit. 
David Patrick Cadigan (born April 6, 1965) is a former American football offensive lineman in the National Football League.
Hundem is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Lenne near Altenhundem.
KTPB is an FM radio station at 98.1 MHz in Altheimer, Arkansas, serving Pine Bluff. The station is owned by Bluff City Radio, a company of Mike Huckabee and Paul Coats, and operated by PB Radio under a local marketing agreement; it broadcasts a classic country format known as 98.1 The Hog.
Bill Shanahan (born July 27, 1938) is a former American football coach.  He served as the head football coach at Western New Mexico University  in Silver City, New Mexico from 1969 to 1972 and Western Illinois University in Macomb, Illinois from 1976 until 1978, compiling a career college football coaching record of 25–37–1.[1]
The Climate Law and Governance Initiative is an international consortium of partners in the climate law community working to build capacity and knowledge relating to law and governance approaches to address climate change. Ongoing research projects carried out by its partner institutions support the hosting of events and specialized capacity-building workshops in parallel with the annual climate negotiations under the UNFCCC.[1] The initiative's focus is the effective implementation of SDG 13 on Climate Change. Its events are officially endorsed by the UNFCCC.[2]
La Chapelle-d'Aurec (French pronunciation: ​[la ʃapɛl doʁɛk]; Occitan: La Chapèla d'Aurec) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.
The International Alliance of Women (IAW; French: Alliance Internationale des Femmes, AIF) is an international non-governmental organization that works to promote women's rights and gender equality. It was historically the main international organization that campaigned for women's suffrage. IAW stands for an inclusive, intersectional and progressive liberal feminism on the basis of human rights and liberal democracy, and has a liberal internationalist outlook. IAW's principles state that all genders are "born equally free [and are] equally entitled to the free exercise of their individual rights and liberty," that "women's rights are human rights" and that "human rights are universal, indivisible and interrelated."[1] In 1904 the Alliance adopted gold (or yellow) as its color, the color associated with the women's suffrage movement in the United States since 1867 and the oldest symbol of women's rights; through the Alliance's influence gold and white became the principal colors of the mainstream international women's suffrage movement.
Deuteronomium - Der Tag des jüngsten Gericht (English: Deuteronomy - The Day of Judgment) is a 2004 Swiss horror film written and directed by Roger Grolimund, and co-written by Franziska Lehmann. A direct-to-video release, it stars Samuel Binkert as Michael Luhser, a down on his luck loser who begins punishing sinners at the behest of an angel played by Denise Meili.[2]

Gottlieb Frederick Henry Schuler (23 February 1853 – 11 December 1926),[1] who has been referred to authoritatively as G. Frederick H. Schuler or Schüler,[2][3] was an Australian journalist, editor of The Age for 26 years from 1900.
Richard Middleton Freeland (born May 13, 1941, in Orange, New Jersey) was president of Northeastern University from 1996 to 2006[1] and served as the Commissioner of Higher Education for Massachusetts from 2008 until 2015.[2]
Iraq competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China between July 16 and 31, 2011.
Złotów [ˈzwɔtuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zawonia, within Trzebnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in southwestern Poland.[1] Prior to 1945, it was located in Germany. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) northeast of Zawonia, 17 km (11 mi) east of Trzebnica, and 31 km (19 mi) northeast of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Brunet–Calaf Residence (Spanish: Residencia Brunet–Calaf) is a historic structure and former residence located in the historic center of the Puerto Rican municipality of Manatí. The residence was added to the United States National Register of Historic Places in 1988.[1] The house, along with a portion of the city hall of Manatí, was destroyed by a fire in 2016.[2]
Mary Goodhew was the Artistic Director of Elmhurst Ballet School in Edgbaston, Birmingham, until she left to become director of Legat Ballet in July 2008, taking up that post in September 2008.
Marc Hamilton (2 February 1944 – 17 February 2022) was a Canadian singer best known for his 1970 single "Comme j'ai toujours envie d'aimer".
The Insider Threat Program is the United States government's response to the massive data leaks of the early twenty-first century, notably the diplomatic cables leaked by Chelsea Manning but before the NSA leaks by Edward Snowden. The program was established under the mandate of Executive Order 13587 issued by Barack Obama.[1]
1949 in professional wrestling describes the year's events in the world of professional wrestling.
Adrianus Cancellier (1580–1623) was the 39th abbot of Dunes in the County of Flanders.
Vallan (French pronunciation: [valɑ̃] (listen)) is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.
Operation Power Outage was a sting operation targeted at arresting and indicting members of the criminal group Armenian Power operating in the United States.[when?] The group is accused of racketeering offenses, bank fraud schemes, kidnappings, and drug trafficking.[1][2][3] Armenian Power (also known as AP-13) which originated 20 years ago[timeframe?] in East Hollywood and has over 200 members, has developed from a street gang into an international criminal organization.[not verified in body]
Meerbusch-Osterath is the only station in Meerbusch in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It is located in the district of Osterath and lies at the Lower Left Rhine Railway (Linksniederrheinische Strecke) and on the Osterath–Dortmund Süd railway.
Bullo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 
Tiemann Newell Horn (January 8, 1868 – May 5, 1923) was a career officer in the United States Army. A veteran of World War I, he attained the rank of brigadier general.
Children of the Corn was an American hip-hop group formed in 1993, consisting of neighborhood friends and fellow Harlem rappers Big L, Cam'ron, Ma$e, Herb McGruff, and Bloodshed.[1][2] The group's name is a play on words; it is short for Children of the Corner, and also references Stephen King's 1984 film of the same name.
Magel Bel Abbès is a town and commune in the Kasserine Governorate, Tunisia. As of 2004 it had a population of 5003.[1]
Washington Township is a township in Iowa County, Iowa, USA.[1]
Belgium chose their Junior Eurovision entry for 2008 through Junior Eurosong, a national final consisting of 10 songs split into two quarter-finals, a semi-final and a grand final. The winner of Junior Eurosong was Oliver Symons, with the song "Shut Up!".[1]
The Order of Saint Augustine, (Latin: Ordo Fratrum Sancti Augustini) abbreviated OSA, is a religious mendicant order of the Catholic Church. It was founded in 1244 by bringing together several eremitical groups in the Tuscany region who were following the Rule of Saint Augustine, written by Saint Augustine of Hippo in the fifth century.
Moshulatubbee District was one of three provinces, or districts, comprising the former Choctaw Nation in the Indian Territory.  Also called the First District, it encompassed the northern one-third of the nation. In some historic records it is spelled Mushulatubbe. 
National Secondary Route 157, or just Route 157 (Spanish: Ruta Nacional Secundaria 157, or Ruta 157) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, located in the Guanacaste province.[1]
In biology, the Goodwin model describes negative feedback oscillators in cellular systems,[1] for example, circadian rhythms or enzymatic regulation (such as lactose in bacteria).  The Goodwin model, though, shows no stable limit cycles.
Nikolić noble family was Bosnian medieval noble family from Hum (later Herzegovina), today Bosnia and Herzegovina. The family's estate was in western part of the Bosansko Primorje (transl. Bosnian Coast), namely Popovo Polje and Neum. They were of minor importance, serving under Grand Dukes of Bosnia and noble families of Hranić and Kosača, lords of Hum and later Herzegovina.
The LVR-Cultural Centre Village Synagogue Rödingen (German: LVR-Kulturhaus Landsynagoge Rödingen) is located  in Rödingen, municipality of Titz, district of Düren, State of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is a permanent exhibition in a former synagogue and a former family house of the head (Vorsteher) of the local Jewish community. It is dedicated to Jewish Life in rural Rhineland of past and present. Today the Rödingen synagogue is the only Jewish house of worship in the western Rhineland still largely in its original condition.


The total registered electorate in the United Kingdom grew from 5.7 million in 1885 to over 21 million in 1918. Much of the growth was result of  the Representation of the People Act 1918, which expanded franchise by abolishing property qualifications for men and introduced female suffrage for some women over the age of 30.
The 1948–49 BAA season was the Capitols' 3rd season in the NBA/BAA.[1] They became the first team to win 15 straight games to start the season, an NBA record, which was since tied 45 years later by the Houston Rockets in 1993 before Golden State Warriors surpassed it in 2015.
Visitor Studies is a peer-reviewed academic journal covering visitor research, including reflections on the area, research methodologies, and theoretical aspects. The journal covers subjects relating to museums and learning in the context of historic sites, nature centers, parks, visitor centers, and zoos. It is interdisciplinary in nature, including humanities, business management, and social sciences.[1] The journal was established in 1998 and is published by Taylor & Francis (Routledge). The editors are Karen Knutson and Kevin Crowley, both of the University of Pittsburgh Center for Learning in Out-of-School Environments.
The SNCF Z 800 is an electric multiple unit train used on the Saint-Gervais–Vallorcine railway. They were purchased in a joint order by SNCF and the Martigny–Châtelard Railway (MCR) on March 30, 1994. Five trainsets were produced: three for SNCF (one of which was financed by the Rhône-Alpes region), and two for the MCR.
New Eastern Outlook (NEO) is an internet journal published by the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences. According to its website, this journal looks at world events "as they relate to the Orient."[1] According to a 2020 report from the US State Department, NEO is "a pseudo-academic publication ... that promotes disinformation and propaganda focused primarily on the Middle East, Asia, and Africa." According to the United States Department of the Treasury, NEO is run by SVR, Russia's foreign intelligence agency. NEO is included in the EUvsDisinfo project, which tracks online disinformation.[2]
Francesco Faraldo (born 14 February 1982 in Aversa) is an Italian judoka.[1] At the 2012 Summer Olympics he competed in the men's 66 kg, but was defeated in the first round.
Daniel Friderici (1584 – 23 September 1638) was a German cantor, conductor, and composer.
Diana Mendley Rauner (Born 1961) is an American businesswoman and president of Start Early, a non-profit in Chicago.[1] She served as the First Lady of Illinois from 2015 to 2019 as her husband, Bruce, served as governor.[2]
The Khajeh Nasir Toosi University of Technology[2] (KNTU; Persian: دانشگاه صنعتی خواجه نصيرالدين طوسی) is a public research university in Tehran, Iran. It is named after medieval Persian scholar Khajeh Nasir Toosi. The university is considered one of the most prestigious institutions of higher education in Iran. Acceptance to the university is highly competitive, entrance to undergraduate and graduate programs typically requires scoring among the top 1% of students in the Iranian University Entrance Exam.
Billy Scott (October 5, 1942 – November 17, 2012)[1] was an American R&B singer, who was lead vocalist for the group The Prophets, later known as "The Georgia Prophets", and eventually "Billy Scott & The Party Prophets".[2] He was known for Beach music hits such as "I Got the Fever" and "California".
Daniel A. Geller is an Australian American pediatrician and psychiatrist who specializes in the treatment of pediatric obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD). Geller is triple board certified in Pediatrics, Psychiatry, and Child & Adolescent Psychiatry, and is director of the Pediatric OCD Program at Massachusetts General Hospital.[1]
When the Going Gets Dark is an album by Quasi.  It was released on March 21, 2006, on Touch and Go Records.  It was released in Europe by Domino Records.
Mount Wood (sometimes referred to as Wood Peak) is the seventh-highest mountain in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve. In 1900 it was named by the surveyor James J. McArthur (1856–1925) after Zachary Taylor Wood (d.1915), a North-West Mounted Police inspector in Dawson during the Klondike gold rush. He was later the commissioner of the NWMP.
In the philosophy of language, "Arche-writing" (French: archi-écriture "arche-" meaning "origin, principle, or telos"[citation needed]) is a concept introduced by French philosopher Jacques Derrida which refers to an abstract kind of writing that precedes both speech and actual writing.[1] In the West, phonetic writing was considered as a secondary imitation of speech, a poor copy of the immediate living act of speech.  Arche-writing is, in a sense, language, in that it is already there before we use it, it already has a pregiven, yet malleable, structure/genesis, which is a semi-fixed set-up of different words and syntax.  This fixedness is the writing to which Derrida refers, just such a 'writing' can even be seen in cultures that do not employ writing, it could be seen in notches on a rope or barrel, fixed customs, or placements around the living areas. 
Liuji (simplified Chinese: 刘集; traditional Chinese: 劉集; pinyin: Liújí) is a town in  Dong'e County in western Shandong province, China,[1] located less than 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northwest of the Yellow River and 17 km (11 mi) southwest of the county seat. As of 2011[update], it has 85 villages under its administration.[2]
Jävre Sandön[1] is a Swedish island belonging to the Piteå archipelago. The island is located off the coast of Jävrebodarna.[2] Jävre Sandön means "island of sand at Jävre". The island has a coastline consisting of beaches. There are two footpaths over the island. There are also remains of a fishing camp from before 1500 and a stone labyrinth.[3]
William J. Sneed (1835 - March 17, 1907) was an American Confederate veteran, surgeon and educator. He was the co-founder of Meharry Medical College in Nashville, Tennessee; it was  the first medical school in the South for African Americans.
Grankulla IFK, or GrIFK as the name is commonly abbreviated, is a Finnish sports club from the city of Kauniainen.  The club was formed in 1925 and the main activities covered are football, ice-hockey, handball, floorball and alpine. Each sport is organized in separated daughter clubs since 1997. These are GrIFK-Fotboll, GrIFK-Handboll, GrIFK-Salibandy, GrIFK-Icehockey and GrIFK Alpine. 
Longton Township is a township in Elk County, Kansas, United States.  As of the 2000 census, the population was 530.
The Battle of Britain Range is a group of mountains within the Allies Group of the Muskwa Ranges in northern British Columbia, Canada.
The Muskwa Ranges also include the Tower of London Range, Italy Range and Allied Leaders Range.[5]
Annabelle Codey (born 3 February 1997) is an Australian rugby union player. She plays for Australia internationally, and for the Queensland Reds in the Super W competition.
Rifalazil (also known as KRM-1648 and AMI-1648)[2] is an  antibiotic substance that kills bacterial cells by blocking off the β-subunit in RNA polymerase.[3]  Rifalazil is used as a treatment for many different diseases. The most common are Chlamydia infection, Clostridium difficile associated diarrhea (CDAD), and tuberculosis (TB). Using rifalazil and the effects that coincide with taking rifalazil for treating a bacterial disease vary from person to person, as does any drug put into the human body.  Food interactions and genetic variation are a few causes for the variation in side effects from the use of rifalazil.[4] Its development was terminated in 2013 due to severe side effects.[5]
Sargodha Institute of Technology is a technical institute located in Sargodha, Punjab, Pakistan.[1] It is owned by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Islamabad-Rawalpindi. It is affiliated with the Punjab Board of Technical Education.
The Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala Apertura 2007 is the 88th season of the Liga Nacional de Fútbol de Guatemala, Guatemala's premier football league. It began on July 28 and finished on December 15.
"All Happy Families..." is the 56th episode of the HBO original series The Sopranos and the fourth of the show's fifth season. Written by Toni Kalem and directed by Rodrigo García, it originally aired on March 28, 2004.
Triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) is any breast cancer that either lacks or shows low levels of estrogen receptor (ER), progesterone receptor (PR) and human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (HER2) overexpression and/or gene amplification (i.e. the tumor is negative on all three tests giving the name triple-negative).[1] Triple-negative is sometimes used as a surrogate term for basal-like.[2]
Lance Dreher is a two-time Mr. Universe and former Mr. America. Dreher was born in Chicago, Illinois, on June 27, 1955.  Dreher has placed in the top 3 of 10 professional body building championships. One of Lance's greatest body building features is his 23.5 inch biceps.  After his last competition in 1992, Lance completed his PhD in Nutritional Counseling, is a certified life coach and National Fitness Hall of Fame Inductee 2019.  
The Mulde event was an anoxic event,[4] and marked the second of three1 relatively minor mass extinctions (the Ireviken, Mulde, and Lau events) during the Silurian period.  It coincided with a global drop in sea level, and is closely followed by an excursion[clarification needed] in geochemical isotopes.  Its onset is synchronous with the deposition of the Fröel Formation in Gotland.[4]  Perceived extinction in the conodont fauna, however, likely represent a change in the depositional environment of sedimentary sequences rather than a genuine biological extinction.[5]
Marvin (Mikhl) I. Herzog (September 13, 1927 — June 28, 2013) was a Yiddish language Professor at Columbia University.
WLRX (106.1 FM) and  WAWX (101.7 FM) are FM radio stations owned by the Educational Media Foundation (EMF).  WLRX is licensed to Vinton, Virginia, serving the Roanoke metropolitan area.  WAWX is licensed to Lynchburg, Virginia, serving the Lynchburg metropolitan area.  WLRX plays a Contemporary Christian radio format from the "K-Love" national network, while WAWX airs a Contemporary Worship format as a network affiliate of "Air1."[6][7]
2016–17 Albanian Cup (Albanian: Kupa e Shqipërisë) was the sixty-fifth season of Albania's annual cup competition. Tirana won the title for the 16th time, becoming the most successful club in cup's history.
The Japanese Professional Movie Awards (日本映画プロフェッショナル大賞) are an annual Japanese film award. The first awards were given to films made in 1991.[1][2] This award is hosted by Hiroo Ōtaka.[3]
Gary Donnelly and Greg Holmes were the defending champions, but did not participate this year.
A royal veto of the appointment of bishops (also known as the Veto controversy in Irish history) was proposed in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 1808 to 1829 during the move towards Catholic Emancipation. 
A thread restorer is a tool used to fix threads on nuts or bolts that have become damaged. One type of thread restorer is a thread restoring file or thread file. There are other types of thread restoring tools as well, for example a chaser tap or chaser die.
The National Readership Survey was a joint venture company in the UK between the Institute of Practitioners in Advertising (IPA), the Newspaper Publishers Association (NPA) and the Periodical Publishers Association (PPA). It provided audience research for print advertising trading in the UK. The survey covered over 250 of Britain's major newspapers and magazines, showing the size and nature of the audiences they reached. It classified audiences in a number of ways, one of which was the NRS social grade.
Pierre Roussel (1723 - 7 June 1782) was a successful but somewhat pedestrian[1] cabinetmaker (ébéniste) of Paris.  He was joined in his extensive business by his two sons, Pierre-Michel (master in 1766) and Pierre le jeune (master in 1771).[2]
Carnelian (also spelled cornelian[3]) is a brownish-red mineral commonly used as a semi-precious gemstone. Similar to carnelian is sard, which is generally harder and darker (the difference is not rigidly defined, and the two names are often used interchangeably). Both carnelian and sard are varieties of the silica mineral chalcedony colored by impurities of iron oxide. The color can vary greatly, ranging from pale orange to an intense almost-black coloration. Significant localities include Yanacodo (Peru); Ratnapura (Sri Lanka); and Thailand.[2] It has been found in Indonesia, Brazil, India, Russia (Siberia), and Germany.[citation needed]
TYKU /taɪkuː/ is an American alcoholic beverage company that specializes in sake and other spirits.  The privately held company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in New York City. While based in New York, TYKU's beverages are made in Japan through a joint venture with two sake breweries.[1] TYKU's products are sold in all 50 states.
Cerro Rosa is the third highest peak of Puerto Rico measuring 1,263 meters (4,144 ft) above sea level. The mountain is located in the Cordillera Central, on the border between the municipalities of Ciales and Jayuya.[1]
Claude de Picques (c. 1510 – 1574 or 1578) was an influential French bookbinder. He was closely connected with the court of King Henry II of France, serving as the personal bookbinder to Queen Catherine de' Medici from 1553 and as the personal bookbinder to the King himself from 1556 to 1574. 
[1]
He is thought also to have been one of the binders who worked for Thomas Mahieu.
[2][1]
The Canadian Society for History and Philosophy of Mathematics (CSHPM) is dedicated to the study of the history and philosophy of mathematics  in Canada.[1] It was proposed by Kenneth O. May, in conjunction with the journal Historia Mathematica,[2] and was founded in 1974.[3]
Sinqua Walls (born April 6, 1985) is an American actor known for appearing in Friday Night Lights, The Secret Life of the American Teenager, and American Soul.[1]
May Sutton won the singles tennis title of the 1904 U.S. Women's National Singles Championship by defeating reigning champion Elisabeth Moore 6–1, 6–2 in the challenge round. Sutton had won the right to challenge Moore by defeating Helen Homans 6–1, 6–1 in the final of the All Comers' competition. The event was played on outdoor grass courts and held at the Philadelphia Cricket Club in Wissahickon Heights, Chestnut Hill, Philadelphia from June 21 through June 25, 1904.[1]
The 1975–76 Serie C was the thirty-eighth edition of Serie C, the third highest league in the Italian football league system.
Motor Trend is an Italian automotive interest television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery Italia.
Hannes Staudinger (5 March 1907 – 1 August 1974) was an Austrian cinematographer.[1]
Gunasena Galappatty (born June 7, 1927, in Dikwella in Matara, Sri Lanka) was a Sri Lankan dramatist, director, producer, and Sinhala radio play writer regarded as the pioneer of suspense drama in Sri Lanka.[1]

Forgotten Australians or care leavers are terms referring to the estimated 500,000 children (a figure that includes child migrants and Indigenous Australians) who experienced care in institutions or outside a home setting in Australia during the 20th century. The Australian Senate committee used the term in the title of its report which resulted from its 2003–2004 "Inquiry into Children in Institutional Care", which looked primarily at those affected children who were not covered by the 1997 Bringing Them Home report, which focused on Aboriginal children, and the 2001 report Lost Innocents: Righting the Record which reported on an inquiry into child migrants.
The Laghouat Expedition were a series of raids led by Morocco, under the reign of Ismail Ibn Sharif from 1708 to 1713.
Mount Khakandya (Russian: Гора Хакандя)[3] is a peak in the Suntar-Khayata Range, East Siberian System, Russia.[4]
The 2012 Pittsburgh Steelers season was the franchise's 80th season as a member of the National Football League (NFL). It was the 13th season under the leadership of general manager Kevin Colbert and the 6th under head coach Mike Tomlin. The Steelers failed to improve on their 12–4 record from 2011 and did not reach the postseason for the first time since 2009. After a 6–3 start, the Steelers lost 5 of their last 7 games and finished the season with a record of 8–8, their first non-winning season since 2006. The 2012 Steelers set a new NFL record for the most games decided on the last play, with 6. For the first time since 1997, Hines Ward was not on the team's roster, as he was released in March 2012. Ward retired after he was cut.[1]
The Americas Zone [1] was one of the three zones of regional Davis Cup competition in 2010.  It was divided into four groups.  Teams in Group IV competed for promotion to Group III for 2011.
Social Studies,
Mathematics,
Physics,
Chemistry,
Biology,

Leroy V. Quintana (born June 10, 1944 in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American poet, and Vietnam Veteran.[1]
The San Lorenzo Department (in Spanish, Departamento San Lorenzo) is an administrative subdivision (departamento) of Santa Fe Province, Argentina. It is located in the south of the province. It limits with the populous Rosario Department and the Paraná River in the east; and from there (going clockwise) with the departments of Constitución (south), Caseros (east), Iriondo (east and north) and San Jerónimo (north).
HSBC Bank Egypt SAE is a multinational bank in Egypt, providing a wide range of banking and related financial services through a network of 100 branches and 20 mini bank units in Cairo, Alexandria, Sharm El Sheikh, Hurghada, Borg El Arab and 6th of October City.
The 1973–74 Phoenix Suns season was the sixth for the Phoenix Suns of the National Basketball Association. It was the first of 14 seasons head coach John MacLeod spent with Phoenix. The season would also be the last for former All-Star forward/center Connie Hawkins, traded to the Los Angeles Lakers after appearing in nine games for the Suns. Charlie Scott would repeat as an All-Star, but who missed 30 games due to injury despite his NBA career-high 25.4 points a game. The team went on to finish the season 30–52, a career-worst for MacLeod and the franchise's poorest record since their inaugural season.
This is a discography of Eels and other musical projects of Mark Oliver Everett, such as MC Honky.
Tri County Area Schools is a school district headquartered in Sand Lake, Michigan. It serves sections of Kent, Montcalm, and Newaygo counties.[1] It serves Sand Lake, Howard City, and Pierson as well as Pierson Township and Reynolds Township.[2][3]
KMRE-LP (102.3 Low power FM) was a radio station broadcasting local and regional educational, cultural and historic programming. The station was located in Bellingham, Washington. The FCC granted KMRE-LP its license on July 19, 2006.[1]
Ush Tobe Airport is an airport that was put into operation in the city of Vostochnyy that located in Kostanay province of the Republic of Kazakhstan. The airport is considered as small compared to the other airports in big cities of Kazakhstan such as Almaty International Airport, Astana International Airport, or Atyrau Airport in terms of its capacity.[1][2][3][4]
Central Asian Review was a journal of Central Asian studies published from 1953 to 1968. A 1954 review in Soviet Studies deemed that its work on Soviet Central Asia "performs an invaluable service and does it well," [1] while more recent scholarship notes that it "gave reports on a wide variety of Central Asian topics gleaned from the Soviet press with often favourable comment."[2] The journal's full title was Central Asian Review: A Quarterly Review of Current Developments in Soviet Central Asia and Kazakhstan and was published quarterly by the Central Asian Research Centre in association with St. Antony's College, Oxford University. Founder and director of the center, Geoffrey Wheeler was the editor-in-chief and frequent contributor to the journal.[3] It was included in the Bibliography of Asian Studies.[4]
"Itoshiki Tomo e" (愛しき悪友へ, To My Beloved Companion) is the second single of Morning Musume's tenth anniversary team Morning Musume Tanjō 10nen Kinentai. It was released on August 8, 2007,[1] while the Single V DVD was released on [August 22].[2]
Korah was a battle honour awarded to units of the forces of British India that took part in the Battle of Korah in 1776.[1]
Epitaph is the second and final studio album by German death metal band Necrophagist released by Relapse Records on August 3, 2004.  Unlike on Onset of Putrefaction, guitarist and vocalist Muhammed Suiçmez recorded the album alongside a full band instead of recording it by himself. Though most uncredited, guitarist Christian Münzner, who later departed from the band and joined Obscura, confirmed he wrote at least half of the lead guitar parts as well as several basslines on the album.[4] The track "Only Ash Remains" incorporates the melody of the "Montagues and Capulets" segment of the ballet Romeo and Juliet by Sergei Prokofiev.
"My First Night with You" is a song written by Kenneth "Babyface" Edmonds and Diane Warren. It was originally recorded by Canadian singer Deborah Cox for her self-titled debut studio album (1995). In 1998, American singer Mýa covered the song for her self-titled debut studio album, serving as the album's third and final single. The album version was produced by Daryl Simmons, allowing Mýa to put her own spin on the record, while the Ric Wake pop-produced version was marketed at pop and adult contemporary radio. The lyrics of the ballad speak of a non-sexual experience with a man.[2]
X Carinae is a Beta Lyrae variable in the constellation Carina. It ranges between magnitudes 7.9 and 8.65 over a period of approximately 1.08 days.[3]
The Brain/MINDS (Brain Mapping by Integrated Neurotechnologies for Disease Studies) is a Japanese project sponsored by the Ministry of Education, Culture, Sports, Science, and Technology of Japan (MEXT) in 2014, then by the Japan Agency for Medical Research and Development (AMED) as of 2015. The project was launched in June 2014 [1][2] for a 10-year duration.
Šestanovac is a village in the municipality of Velika Kladuša, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
The population exchange between Bulgaria and Romania was a population exchange carried out in 1940 after the transfer of Southern Dobruja to Bulgaria by Romania. It involved 103,711 Romanians, Aromanians and Megleno-Romanians living in Southern Dobruja and 62,278 Bulgarians from Northern Dobruja. After this operation, the application of a population exchange in other cases such as Transylvania was considered.
Casco Terrace is a community in Falmouth, Maine, United States, located on Falmouth Foreside on Casco Bay.  Initially a community of summer cottages, it is now a year-round community of residents.
Elena Naumoska (born 6 April 1994) is a Macedonian footballer who plays as a midfielder for the North Macedonia national team.[2]

Edward Hyslop Milligan (27 March 1922 – 26 July 2020),[1][2] also known as Ted Milligan, was a Quaker historian and the former librarian at Friends House, London. He was the author of The Biographical Dictionary of British Quakers in Commerce and Industry 1775-1920,[3] which includes entries for some 2,800 people. He received the 2009 Besterman/McColvin Award for this work [4] and an Honorary degree from Lancaster University [5] The ‘’Biographical Dictionary’’ was reviewed in ‘’Archives’’, ‘’The Friend’’, ‘’Friends Quarterly’’, ‘’Quaker Studies’’, ‘’Quaker History’’,
and ‘’The Journal of the Friends Historical Society’’.
Léon Jean (25 January 1901, in Lunel-Viel – 12 December 1986) was a French politician. He represented the French Section of the Workers' International (SFIO) in the National Assembly from 1951 to 1955.[1]
Florinel Cristi Mirea (born 13 July 1974 in Craiova) is a former Romanian football player.[1]
Edward P. Healy is a game designer who has worked primarily on role-playing games.
Rowek [ˈrɔvɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szudziałowo, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the border with Belarus.[1]
We're Going To Make You a Star is a 1975 book by Sally Quinn detailing her brief time with the CBS Morning News. In this book, she discusses the CBS failure and reflects on her adolescence and how it, among other things, led to her failure as a television news anchor.
Sazaman-e Saidi va Sherka (Persian: سازمان سعيدي وشركا, also Romanized as Sāzamān-e Saʿīdī va Sherḵā) is a village in Meyami Rural District, Meyami District, Shahrud County, Semnan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 61, in 14 families.[1]
The Oldenburg Class S 3 steam locomotive was a German engine built for the Grand Duchy of Oldenburg State Railways (Großherzoglich Oldenburgische Staatseisenbahnen) in 1903 and 1904. It was based on a Prussian prototype, the Prussian S 3 (see photo), and procured for the route between Wilhelmshaven, Oldenburg and Bremen. It was the first express train engine built for the Oldenburg state railways and also the first one fitted with a steam dome. It replaced the old P 4 passenger train locomotives.
This is a list of the NCAA outdoor champions in the pole vault event.  The women's version of the event was introduced to the program in 1998.
Pettis Township is an inactive township in Platte County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
This is the list of episodes for The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson in 2006.[1][2][3]
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on the performing arts, mirroring its impacts across all arts sectors. Due to physical distancing requirements and closure of the physical venues, curtailing not only public performances but also rehearsals, many performing arts institutions attempted to adapt by offering new (or newly expanded) digital services. In particular this resulted in the free online streaming of previously recorded performances of many companies – especially orchestral performances and plays – lists of which were collated by journalists[1][2][3] as well as bespoke crowdsourcing projects.[4][5]

Thomas North Graves, 2nd Baron Graves (28 May 1775 – 7 February 1830) was a British peer and Member of Parliament.
Fryszerka [frɨˈʂɛrka] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Poświętne, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1]
Lira de la Paz Villalva Miranda (born 1983) is an Ecuadorian lawyer and politician who was the first woman to be appointed the post of governor of the Tungurahua Province. She served as a national assemblyman from 2017 to 2021.
Mitsuki Sumoto (須本光希, Sumoto Mitsuki, born 4 February 2001) is a Japanese former competitive figure skater. He is the 2017–18 Junior Grand Prix Final bronze medalist, the 2017 JGP Latvia champion, and the 2017–18 Japanese junior national champion.[1] He finished within the top ten at the 2018 World Junior Championships.
Danielle Rodrigues Lins,[1] better known as Dani Lins (born January 5, 1985), is a volleyball player from Brazil, who plays as a setter.[2] She represented her country at the FIVB World Grand Prix 2009 in Tokyo, Japan, where they won the gold medal. In 2012, she became an Olympic champion at the 2012 Summer Olympics.[3]
The UND Fighting Hawks women's hockey team represented the University of North Dakota in WCHA women's ice hockey during the 2014-15 NCAA Division I women's ice hockey season.  Despite elimination in the semifinal round of the WCHA Final Face-Off, The Fighting Hawks finished ten wins over .500, and were ranked 8th nationally by both major polling organizations.

The National Industrial Relations Court (NIRC) was established on 1 December 1971 under Section 99 of the Industrial Relations Act 1971.  The NIRC was created by the Conservative government of Ted Heath as a way to limit the power of trades union in the United Kingdom.  It was empowered to grant injunctions as necessary to prevent injurious strikes and also to settle a variety of labour disputes.  It also heard appeals from the Industrial tribunals.  Unusually, its jurisdiction extended throughout the UK, making no distinction between England and Wales or Scotland.
The Lost Spy: An American in Stalin's Secret Service is a 2008 book by Andrew Meier, published by W. W. Norton & Company.  It recounts the story of Isaiah Oggins, a 1920s New York intellectual murdered in 1947 on Stalin's orders.
Mink Shoals is an unincorporated community along U.S. Route 119 in Kanawha County, West Virginia, United States and can be accessed by Interstate 79, Exit 1. It is located on the Elk River and has a public access site of the Elk River. Its rural-like feel attracts many residents, although it is only slightly over two miles from the Charleston city limits. It is located at an altitude of 571 feet (174 m).[1] It also has an elementary school, Shoals Elementary.
Lost Time is a 2002 album by indie rock band 12 Rods. It was the band's fourth, and final, full-length album.
Daisy Morales (born December 11, 1960) is an American politician who served as a Democratic member of the Florida House of Representatives of District 48, serving Orange County from 2020–2022. She has previously served on the Orange County board as a supervisor of the Soil and Water Conservation.
Lilla Essingen is a small island in central Stockholm, Sweden. 
The 2002–03 Southern Illinois Salukis men's basketball team represented Southern Illinois University Carbondale during the 2002–03 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Salukis were led by fifth-year head coach Bruce Weber and played their home games at the SIU Arena in Carbondale, Illinois as members of the Missouri Valley Conference. They finished the season 24–7, 16–2 in MVC play to finish as regular season champion. They lost in the championship game of the MVC tournament to Creighton, but still received an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament as No. 11 seed in the Midwest region. The Salukis fell to No. 6 seed Missouri in the opening round.
Jack William Fuller (October 21, 1946 – June 21, 2016)[1] was an American journalist who spent nearly forty years working in newspapers and was the author of seven novels and two books on journalism.
The poetry of the Ottoman Empire, or Ottoman Divan poetry, is little known outside modern Turkey, which forms the heartland of what was once the Ottoman Empire. It is, however, a rich and ancient poetic tradition that lasted for nearly 700 years, and one whose influence can still be felt in the modern Turkish poetic tradition.
The Little Engine that Could is a 1991 animated adventure film directed by Dave Edwards[3] and co-produced by Edwards and Mike Young, animated at Kalato Animation in Wales and co-financed by Universal Pictures through their MCA/Universal Home Video arm and S4C, Wales' dedicated Welsh-language channel. It was released on VHS by MCA. The film features the voice talents of Kath Soucie and Frank Welker.[4] It is based on the 1930 book of the same name, by Watty Piper (specifically based on the 1976 illustrations by Ruth Sanderson).[5] The film was also syndicated in the US on broadcast television as an Easter special in March/April 1993.[6]
23°55′22″N 120°24′33″E﻿ / ﻿23.922875°N 120.409073°E﻿ / 23.922875; 120.409073
The HP2 Enduro is a motorcycle manufactured by BMW Motorrad from 2005 to 2008.[2][3] 
It is a "High Performance" (HP) dirt bike based on the engine and electronics from the R1200GS adventure-touring model.[1] 
The use of a trellis tube frame, a conventional fork rather than Telelever, and other modifications, make it 53 lb (24 kg) lighter than the corresponding R1200GS.[1]
Super Night with Tubelight was an Indian comedy television special developed by Sunil Grover and was broadcast on Sony TV. The special episode was hosted by Aparshakti Khurana.[1] It was scheduled to release on 18 June 2017, but got aired a day before; due to the final match of 2017 ICC Champions Trophy between India and Pakistan on 18 June.[2]
The Smith Life Master Women's Pairs North American bridge championship is held at the fall American Contract Bridge League (ACBL) North American Bridge Championship (NABC).
Robert Hallock Wright Strang (April 4, 1881 – July 17, 1982) was an American orthodontist. He was the first specialist in orthodontics in the state of Connecticut[1] and practiced in Bridgeport for many years.
Union Township is a township located in Fulton County, Pennsylvania, United States.  As of the 2020 census, the township had a total population of 750.[2]

Suzanne Laurens was a French sculptor, active in the early 20th-century.
Skinwalker Ranch (marketed in the UK as Skinwalkers) is a 2013 American found footage science fiction horror film directed by Devin McGinn and by Steve Berg. The movie had a video on demand and limited theatrical release on October 30, 2013, and stars Taylor Bateman, Steve Berg, and Michael Black.[1] It is loosely based upon folklore surrounding the titular Utah-based Skinwalker Ranch, which is rumored to be the site of several UFO sightings.[2]
Banaveh (Persian: بناوه, also Romanized as Banāveh; also known as Banāvīyeh)[1] is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 77, in 20 families.[2]
The Super Prestige Sint-Michielsgestel is a cyclo-cross race held in Sint-Michielsgestel, Netherlands, which is part of the Superprestige.
The Richard C. du Pont Memorial Trophy is an American competitive award given annually by the Soaring Society of America to the U.S. National Open Class Soaring Champion, as determined at the annual U.S. National Open Class Soaring Championship.
Mercallo is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Milan and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) southwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,761 and an area of 5.3 square kilometres (2.0 sq mi).[3]
Autoconstructive evolution is a process in which the entities undergoing evolutionary change are themselves responsible for the construction of their own offspring and thus for aspects of the evolutionary process itself.  Because biological evolution is always autoconstructive, this term mainly occurs in evolutionary computation, to distinguish artificial life type systems from conventional genetic algorithms where the GA performs replication artificially.[1][2][3][4][5] The term was coined by Lee Spector.[6][7][8][9][10]
Vanjie: 24 Hours of Love is an American reality competition television series premiered on WOW Presents Plus. It is the streaming service's first unscripted reality original programming.[1] The series sees Vanessa Vanjie Mateo selecting a suitor from 18 bachelors within 24 hours, at the Vansion.[2] Guest appearances have been made by Derrick Barry, Gottmik, and Violet Chachki.[3]
Skorodum (Russian: Скородум) is a rural locality (a village) in Tregubovskoye Rural Settlement, Velikoustyugsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2002.[2]
The 2015 UCF Knights baseball team represents the University of Central Florida during the 2015 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Knights play their home games at Jay Bergman Field as a member of the American Athletic Conference. They are led by head coach Terry Rooney, in his seventh season at UCF.
Rosario de Tesopaco (often abbreviated to Rosario) is a small town, the seat of Rosario de Tesopaco Municipality in the southeast of the Mexican state of Sonora.
Lambert van Haven (16 April 1630 - 9 May 1695) was a Danish-Norwegian architect, master builder and painter. He was born in Bergen, the son of the artist Solomon van Haven who had already succeeded in winning the favour of the Danish-Norwegian monarchy.[1]

Richard Price (1790–1833) was a British barrister, known as philologist, antiquarian, and literary editor.
Kurt Grawi (born February 1, 1887, in Hannover; d. 1945 in Santiago, Chile)[1] was a German Jewish businessman and art collector who was persecuted by the Nazis.
Soil mechanics is a branch of soil physics and applied mechanics that describes the behavior of soils. It differs from fluid mechanics and solid mechanics in the sense that soils consist of a heterogeneous mixture of fluids (usually air and water) and particles (usually clay, silt, sand, and gravel) but soil may also contain organic solids and other matter.[1][2][3][4] Along with rock mechanics, soil mechanics provides the theoretical basis for analysis in geotechnical engineering,[5] a subdiscipline of civil engineering, and engineering geology, a subdiscipline of geology. Soil mechanics is used to analyze the deformations of and flow of fluids within natural and man-made structures that are supported on or made of soil, or structures that are buried in soils.[6] Example applications are building and bridge foundations, retaining walls, dams, and buried pipeline systems. Principles of soil mechanics are also used in related disciplines such as geophysical engineering, coastal engineering, agricultural engineering, hydrology and soil physics.
Rudy Pena is a retired American soccer player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League, American Soccer League and United Soccer League.
Hesse (/hɛs/,[4] US also /ˈhɛsə, ˈhɛsi/,[5] Hessian dialect: [ˈhɛzə]) or Hessia (UK: /ˈhɛsiə/, US: /ˈhɛʃə/; German: Hessen [ˈhɛsn̩] (listen)), officially the State of Hesse (German: Land Hessen), is a state in Germany. Its capital city is Wiesbaden, and the largest urban area is Frankfurt, which is also the country's principal financial centre. Two other major historic cities are Darmstadt and Kassel. With an area of 21,114.73 square kilometers and a population of over six million, it ranks seventh and fifth, respectively, among the sixteen German states. Frankfurt Rhine-Main, Germany's second-largest metropolitan area (after Rhine-Ruhr), is mainly located in Hesse.
Miss Vietnam (Vietnamese: Hoa hậu Việt Nam, formerly Hoa hậu Toàn quốc Báo Tiền phong until 2000) is a beauty contest in Vietnam that has been held biennially since 1988. Along with Miss Universe Vietnam and Miss World Vietnam, Miss Vietnam is one of the Big Three national beauty pageants.[1]
Vipsanius Clemens[a] (died 16 AD) was an impostor in Ancient Rome who attempted to impersonate the Roman emperor Augustus' grandson Postumus Agrippa (Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa Postumus). He afterwards also became known as pseudo-Agrippa.[1]
The Bibliothèque Mazarine, or Mazarin Library, is located within the Palais de l'institut de France, or the Palace of the Institute of France (previously the Collège des Quatre-Nations of the University of Paris), at 23 quai de Conti in the 6th arrondissement, on the Left Bank of the Seine facing the Pont des Arts and the Louvre.  Originally created by Cardinal Mazarin as his personal library in the 17th century, it today has one of the richest collections of rare books and manuscripts in France, and is the oldest public library in the country.
Inwazja ("Invasion") is a half-hour film directed by Przemysław Wenerski[1] and Marcin Tulicki, produced by Telewizja Polska which purports to reveal "the inside story, aims, methods, and money behind the LGBT invasion" of Poland.[2][3][4] It was first broadcast on 10 October 2019 ahead of the 2019 Polish parliamentary election two days later, shortly after the prime-time news show Wiadomości.[5][6][7]
Wyclife Kinyamal (born 2 July 1997) is a Kenyan male middle-distance runner who competes in the 800 metres. He won a gold medal at the 2018 Commonwealth Games and holds a personal best of 1:43.12 minutes.
The Ardito class of destroyers consisted of two ships—Ardito and Ardente—that were built for the Italian Regia Marina (Royal Navy) in the 1910s.
Patrick Armand is a French retired ballet dancer, and the director of the San Francisco Ballet School[1] since 2017.

Sir Archibald Duncan Wilson GCMG (12 August 1911 – 20 September 1983) was a British diplomat and Master of Corpus Christi College, Cambridge.
8 O'Clock: Two Improvisations is an album by American saxophonist Roscoe Mitchell and vocalist Thomas Buckner which was recorded in 2000 and released on Mutable Music the following year.[1][2]
7-a-side football at the 2019 Parapan American Games were held in Villa Maria del Triunfo Rugby field, Lima from August 24–31, 2019. There was 1 gold medals in this sport.[1]
CKZP-FM is a community radio station that operates at 102.7 FM in Zenon Park, Saskatchewan, Canada.
Hunzenschwil railway station (German: Bahnhof Hunzenschwil) is a railway station in the municipality of Hunzenschwil, in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Zofingen–Wettingen line of Swiss Federal Railways.[2]
King Leary is a novel by Canadian humorist Paul Quarrington, published in 1987 by Doubleday Canada.[1]
Phanos is a Dutch athletics club. Its home stadium is the Olympic stadium in Amsterdam.
The La Loma Plaza Historic District is a historic neighborhood in Taos, New Mexico that was listed as a National Register of Historic Places in 1982.[1]
The Samuel P. Dixon Farm is a historic farm near Ashland, New Castle County, Delaware. The property includes three contributing stone buildings: a house, a spring house and a tri-level bank barn.  The house is a two-story, four-bay dwelling in two sections.  The older section is dated to the late 18th or early 19th century, with an addition before 1830, about the time the barn was built.[2]
Terri Williams-Flournoy (born January 11, 1969)[1] is a women's basketball coach. From 2012 to 2021, she coached at Auburn University.  From 2004 to 2012, she was coach at Georgetown.[2] She had previously served as an assistant coach at Georgetown, Georgia, and Southwest Missouri State.[3] Her overall record as an assistant coach is 251–116, through 12 seasons.
The Sables de Breze is a Mesozoic geologic formation in France.[1] Dinosaur remains are among the fossils that have been recovered from the formation, although none have yet been referred to a specific genus.[2]
Val de Garonne Agglomération is the communauté d'agglomération, an intercommunal structure, centred on the town of Marmande. It is located in the Lot-et-Garonne department, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region, southwestern France. Created in 2011, its seat is in Marmande.[1] Its area is 669.2 km2. Its population was 60,226 in 2019, of which 17,421 in Marmande proper.[2]
Čeferin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
You Name It is the third album by The Dynamic Superiors released on Motown Records in 1976. The album was arranged by Arthur G. Wright, Gene Page, Dale Warren and Mel Bolton. The cover photography was by Anthony Loew.
XHTJ-FM is a radio station on 94.7 FM in Gómez Palacio, Durango, Mexico. The station carries a Christian format known as La Voz.
Banks & Steelz is a musical collaboration between Interpol frontman Paul Banks and Wu-Tang Clan rapper RZA. The duo began making music together in 2011 and began recording a full album in 2013. They released their debut studio album, Anything But Words, on August 26, 2016.
The Clarksburg AVA is an American Viticultural Area that spans three counties in California's Sacramento Valley.  Located in portions of Sacramento County, Solano County, and Yolo County, the Clarksburg AVA includes 64,640 acres (26,159 ha) near the town of Clarksburg.  The growing region has dense clay and loam soils.  Fog and cool breezes from San Francisco Bay keep the Clarksburg area cooler than nearby Sacramento.   90% of the grapes grown in the Clarksburg AVA are crushed in winery facilities located elsewhere in California, and relatively few wines are released with the Clarksburg AVA on their labels.[3]
The Sheild Professorship of Pharmacology is the senior professorship in pharmacology at the University of Cambridge. It is named in honour of Marmaduke Sheild.[1]
Daniel Bedinger Lucas (March 16, 1836 in Rion Hall near Charles Town, Virginia – June 24,  1909 in Charles Town, West Virginia), was a Confederate officer, poet, lawyer and ultimately justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court. He was the son of United States Senator William Lucas.
Princewill Anthony Chike (born 28 June ?) is a Nigerian physician and professor of medicine. He was chairman of the Rivers State Primary Health Care Management Board.[1] On 31 August 2017, he was sworn in as a member of second Wike Executive Council. He was chosen to head the Ministry of Health as Commissioner in September 2017.[2]
"Paradise" is the 35th episode of the science fiction television series Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, and it is the 15th episode of the second season.
Saint-Géron (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ ʒeʁɔ̃]; Occitan: Sant Geronç) is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.[3]

Götz Adriani (born 21 November 1940 in Stuttgart) is a German art historian.[1]
Get the Fuck Up Radio (GTFU) was an internet and pirate radio radio program located in Los Angeles.  The program was broadcast every Monday night from 2000 to 2010 by Aaron Farley and Jeremy Weiss as an excuse for two friends to get together and drink beer and play music and showcase their friends' bands. A few years later, Annie Hardy was added to the team. Other regulars to the show include Luis the Humble Mexican, Chrississippi, Curtis Mead, Kevin Kusatsu, Devin Foley, Jentern and Travis Keller.  
This is a following list of the MTV Movie Award winners and nominees for Best Movie. From 2012 to 2018, it was renamed to Movie of the Year. The Lord of the Rings Trilogy won in three consecutive years (2002–2004) and is the only franchise who took home “Movie of the Year” for all their films. The Twilight Saga films won in four consecutive years (2009–2012), along with Best Kiss.
Scientific evidence is evidence that serves to either support or counter a scientific theory or hypothesis,[1] although scientists also use evidence in other ways, such as when applying theories to practical problems.[2] Such evidence is expected to be empirical evidence and interpretable in accordance with the scientific method. Standards for scientific evidence vary according to the field of inquiry, but the strength of scientific evidence is generally based on the results of statistical analysis and the strength of scientific controls.[citation needed]
Modern Heart is the second studio album by American rhythm and blues group Champaign, released in March 1983 via Columbia Records.[1] The album did not chart in the United States, but the album's only official single[A] "Try Again" peaked at #23 on the Billboard Hot 100.[2]
Tadashi Maeyama (前山忠, Maeyama Tadashi, born 1944)[1][2] is a Japanese artist. In 1967, he co-founded the art collective GUN with fellow artist Michio Horikawa. Together with Horikawa, Maeyama were GUN's leading members.[3] Maeyama currently lives and works in Niigata, Japan.
The Plasma Science and Fusion Center (PSFC) at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) is a university research center for the study of plasmas, fusion science and technology.
Greenview is a village in Menard County, Illinois, United States. The population was 745 at the 2020 census.[3] It is part of the Springfield, Illinois Metropolitan Statistical Area.
Théâtre des Capucins is a theatre in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. It is part of the Théâtres de la Ville de Luxembourg.[1] Directed by Frank Feitler, the Capucin Theater is located in the heart of the Old Town. It puts on performances in German, French and Luxembourgish.
The Thessaloniki metropolitan area or larger urban zone (LUZ) is the complete area covered and directly influenced by Thessaloniki. The metropolitan area traditionally consisted of the municipality of Thessaloniki and its immediate surroundings, what is today referred to as the Thessaloniki urban area. However, since the mid to late 1990s, the areas surrounding the urban area, have succumbed to urban sprawl and what used to be agrarian communities are rapidly urbanizing and being developed into suburbs or exurbs. This is creating new problems for a region already facing issues such as pollution, traffic congestion and social ills.
Peter DiPilato (born June 14, 1976) is an American entertainment photographer.[1][2] He is best known for his riveting footage on 9/11 which was featured in the documentary film 7 Days in September;[3][4] directed by Steven Rosenbaum. He also appeared on the first season of the reality show Shipmates.[5]
Float Upstream is an album by American jazz drummer Tom Rainey, the second with his band Obbligato, which freely interpreted jazz standards. It was recorded in 2017 and released by Intakt Records.[1]
Abdelkader Oueslati Kaabi (Arabic: عبد القادر الوسلاتي; born 7 October 1991), commonly known as Kader, is a footballer who plays for Club Africain as a right-back or winger. Born in France, he represents Tunisia at international level.
The Muisca agriculture describes the agriculture of the Muisca, the advanced civilisation that was present in the times before the Spanish conquest on the high plateau in the Colombian Andes; the Altiplano Cundiboyacense. The Muisca were a predominantly agricultural society with small-scale farmfields, part of more extensive terrains. To diversify their diet, they traded mantles, gold, emeralds and salt for fruits, vegetables, coca, yopo and cotton cultivated in lower altitude warmer terrains populated by their neighbours, the Muzo, Panche, Guane, Guayupe, Lache, Sutagao and U'wa. Trade of products grown farther away happened with the Calima, Pijao and Caribbean coastal communities around the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta.
Hell Night is a 1981 American slasher film directed by Tom DeSimone, and starring Linda Blair, Vincent Van Patten, Kevin Brophy, and Peter Barton. The film depicts a night of fraternity hazing set in an old manor—the site of a familial mass murder—during which a deformed killer terrorizes and murders many of the college students. The plot blends elements of slasher films and Gothic haunted house films.[5] Filmmaker Chuck Russell served as an executive producer, while his long-time collaborator Frank Darabont served as a production assistant. 
Pleudaniel (French pronunciation: ​[plødanjɛl]; Breton: Planiel) is a commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.
The Combes quinoline synthesis is a chemical reaction, which was first reported by Combes in 1888. Further studies and reviews of the Combes quinoline synthesis and its variations have been published by Alyamkina et al.,[1] Bergstrom and Franklin,[2] Born,[3] and Johnson and Mathews.[4]
Alary is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Anna Lubiw is a computer scientist
known for her work in computational geometry and graph theory. She is currently a professor at the University of Waterloo.[1]
In for the Kill is a 2004 album by American rock and roll singer Kevin DuBrow, best known as a member of the group Quiet Riot. A collection of cover versions originally performed by other artists, it was DuBrow's only solo album before his death in 2007. The tracks are predominantly his version of 1970s rock songs.
Vojnici (Serbian Cyrillic: Војници) is a village in the municipality of Babušnica, Serbia. "Vojnici" means "soldiers" in Serbian. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of  104 people.[1]

Colonel Michael Ronald Lubbock, MBE, (31 May 1906 – March 1989) was a British military officer and businessman.
The Centennial School District is a public school district serving the Borough of Ivyland, Upper Southampton Township, and Warminster Township in Bucks County, Pennsylvania.  The district operates one High School, two Middle Schools, three Elementary Schools and one Alternative School.
Evelyn Esther Nicholas Burleson Whitmaker Waldren (June 25, 1908 - October 25, 1986) was the first woman in Nebraska to become a pilot, the first woman in North Dakota with a transport pilot's license, and one of the first women in the United States with a flight instructor's license.  In 1941, she set a new speed and distance record for female pilots in light planes.
Deeply Odd (2013) is the sixth thriller novel in the Odd Thomas series by American writer Dean Koontz.
Carl Peter Værnet (April 28, 1893 – November 25, 1965) was a Danish doctor at Buchenwald concentration camp.[1] He experimented extensively with hormones and other experiments to "treat" homosexuality by injecting synthetic hormones into mainly non-consenting men's testicles.[2] His research was under the authority of Gestapo chief Heinrich Himmler.[3]
40°24′28″N 84°29′36″W﻿ / ﻿40.40778°N 84.49333°W﻿ / 40.40778; -84.49333
Phantoms is a horror novel by American writer Dean Koontz, first published in 1983.  The story is a version[1][2] of the now-debunked[3] urban legend[4] involving a village mysteriously vanishing at Angikuni Lake.
Mohammad Abubakar is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since June 2022.[1]
Sørkapp ("South Cape") is the southernmost point on Sørkappøya, 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Spitsbergen, the largest island in the Svalbard archipelago, Arctic Norway. It was originally named Point Lookout (1612). The cape itself is 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) long.[2] The point is bordered by the Greenland Sea to the west, the Norwegian Sea to the south and the Barents Sea to the east. The point is within the Sørkapp Bird Sanctuary.[3]
Zhayno (Russian: Жайно) is a rural locality (a village) in Chyobsarskoye Urban Settlement, Sheksninsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 4 as of 2002.[2]
Aleksandr Konstantinovich Travin (Russian: Александр Константинович Травин; 23 July 1937 – 15 February 1989) was a Russian basketball player. He was a member of the Soviet team during the 1960s, and won a silver medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics.[1] His teams became European champion in 1963 and 1965 and a world champion in 1967. Nationally, his teams won six USSR Premier Basketball League titles in 1960–1962 and 1964–1966.[2]
The Plasmat lens is a widely used and long-established lens type invented by Paul Rudolph in 1918, especially common in large-format photography. It provides high correction of aberrations with a moderate maximum aperture (e.g. f/5.6). It is a specific instance of the Dagor type double-meniscus anastigmat. Double-meniscus anastigmats use widely separated positive and negative surfaces, generally thick meniscus lenses, to achieve a flat field. The most basic form is two sharply curved meniscus elements located symmetrically about a stop. Further refinement of the form replaces the two simple meniscus lenses with achromats for chromatic correction. The Dagor type further refines these achromats into triplets with the following design parameters: a high-index, doubly convex (DCX) lens cemented to a medium-index, doubly concave (DCV) lens cemented to a low-index meniscus lens. Up to this point, all refinements have maintained symmetry about the stop. The Plasmat further refines the Dagor form by uncementing the meniscus, allowing for placement away from the first two elements and removing the criterion of symmetry.
Maaskant is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Eugene Ferdinand Walter, Jr. (November 30, 1921 – March 29, 1998) was an American screenwriter, poet, short-story author, actor, puppeteer, gourmet chef, cryptographer, translator, editor, costume designer and well-known raconteur. During his years in Paris, he was nicknamed Tum-te-tum. His friend Pat Conroy observed that Walter had lived a "pixilated wonderland of a life."[1]  Walter was labeled "Mobile's Renaissance Man" because of his diverse activities in many areas of the arts. In later life, he maintained a connection with Mobile by carrying a shoebox of Alabama red clay around Europe.
Really SSSupercool: Chapter Two (Italian: Eccezzziunale veramente - Capitolo secondo... me) is a 2006 Italian anthology comedy film written and directed by Carlo Vanzina and starring  Diego Abatantuono. It is the sequel of Eccezzziunale... veramente (1982).[1][2][3]
Vasotocin is an oligopeptide homologous to oxytocin and vasopressin found in all non-mammalian vertebrates (including birds, fishes, and amphibians) and possibly in mammals during the fetal stage of development. Arginine vasotocin (AVT), a hormone produced by neurosecretory cells within the posterior pituitary gland (neurohypophysis) of the brain, is a major endocrine regulator of water balance and osmotic homoeostasis and is involved in social and sexual behavior in non-mammalian vertebrates. In mammals, it appears to have biological properties similar to those of oxytocin (stimulating reproductive tract contraction as in egg laying or birth) and vasopressin (diuretic and antidiuretic effects). It has been found to have effects on the regulation of REM sleep.[1] Evidence for the existence of endogenous vasotocin in mammals is limited[2][3] and no mammalian gene encoding vasotocin has been confirmed.
Duncan Creek is a stream in southern Maries, northwestern Phelps and northeastern Pulaski counties in the Ozarks of the U.S. state of Missouri.[1] It is a tributary of the Gasconade River.
No Sant is an album by the Senegalese musician Wasis Diop.[2][3] It was released internationally in 1996.[4]
Heinrich Klumb (1905 in Cologne, Germany – 1984 in San Juan, Puerto Rico) was a German architect who worked in Puerto Rico during the mid 20th Century.
 Fredrik Nordkvelle (born 13 September 1985) is a Norwegian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Urædd.
Nick Garcia (born April 9, 1979 in Plano, Texas) is an American former soccer player.
Leandro Spadacio Leite (born 17 February 2000) is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays for Ittihad Kalba on loan from Shabab Al Ahli.
Thomas William Walker (August 1, 1881 – July 10, 1944), was a Major League Baseball pitcher in 1902 with the Philadelphia Athletics and in 1904 and 1905 with the Cincinnati Reds. He batted and threw right-handed.
Sheila Caroline Ballantyne (née Weibert; July 26, 1937 – May 2, 2007) was an American novelist and short story writer. Her work primarily focused on the shifting roles of women during first-wave feminism.[1]
The Thessaloniki Film Festival is a Thessaloniki-based cultural institution focusing on cinema. The Institution organizes the Thessaloniki International Film Festival every November and the Thessaloniki Documentary Festival every March, while its year-long activity includes the Thessaloniki Cinema Museum and the Thessaloniki Cinemateque, as well as screenings and special tributes held throughout the year, and educational programs. The Thessaloniki Film Festival is the largest film institution in Greece.,[1] its activity attracting more than 300.000 visitors yearly.[2]
Brian Knappenberger is an American[1] documentary filmmaker, known for The Internet's Own Boy: The Story of Aaron Swartz, We Are Legion: The Story of the Hacktivists, and Turning Point: 9/11 and the War on Terror and his work on Bloomberg Game Changers.
Profili Profili (Serbian Cyrillic: Профили Профили, trans: Profiles Profiles) was a Serbian and former Yugoslav new wave/experimental music duo from Belgrade, notable as the participant of the Artistička radna akcija project in 1981. During the same year the band members formed another band Kazimirov Kazneni Korpus (Serbian Cyrillic: Казимиров Казнени Корпус, trans: Casimir's Castigation Corpus) and both bands appeared on their split album which is the first album in Yugoslavia to be released under an independent record label.
Hukou Station (Chinese: 湖口站), is a station on Line 11 of the Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service on October 1, 2018. It is located in Jiangxia District.[1][2]
Lao Mong Hay is a Cambodian political analyst. He won the 2000 Nansen Refugee Award.
Maly Krivets (Russian: Малый Кривец) is a rural locality (a village) in Borovetskoye Rural Settlement, Sokolsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 16 as of 2002.[2]
The 2005–06 Virginia Cavaliers men's basketball team represented the University of Virginia during the 2005–06 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by first-year head coach Dave Leitao, and played their home games at University Hall in Charlottesville, Virginia as members of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Second Matsukata Cabinet is the sixth Cabinet of Japan led by Matsukata Masayoshi from September 18, 1896, to January 12, 1898.
Varsselder is a Dutch village situated in the Gelderland region Achterhoek, in the municipality Oude IJsselstreek.  It is situated directly to the west of Ulft and it is crossed by the road from Ulft to 's-Heerenberg (N816).
Yemane Niguse (Amharic: የማነ ንጉሴ; 1980s – 20 February 2021) was an Ethiopian politician who co-founded the Fenkil Tigray Movement.
The Bugalugs Bum Thief (1991) is a children's novel by Australian author Tim Winton.
Imperial German Navy seaplanes 463 to 466 were a unique seaplane design produced for the Navy's flying service during the First World War.[1][2][3][4] The seaplane base at Kiel-Holtenau ordered the type as a training aircraft in 1915, and the Navy allocated a batch of four serial numbers to the design.[1] No 463 and its siblings were conventional, two-bay biplanes with unstaggered wings of equal span and two open cockpits in tandem for the pilot and instructor.[1][2] The undercarriage consisted of twin pontoons.[1][2] The large, square rudder was hinged to the rear end of the fuselage, and extended below the ventral line of the fuselage.[1][2] The inline engine was neatly cowled in, with the exhaust being collected together in a single stack that extended above the upper wing.[1][2]
2P5S, 2PMYRedemption is the third studio album by American rapper Jay Rock. It was released by Top Dawg Entertainment (TDE) and Interscope Records on June 15, 2018.[1] The album, which serves as Rock's major-label debut, succeeds his second album 90059 (2015), released three years prior.
Tacotalpa is a municipality in the Mexican state of Tabasco in south-eastern Mexico.[1]
A gas appliance is any appliance that uses natural gas, propane, hydrogen, etc as its power source rather than electricity. They are commonly used for space heating, water heating, cooking, and the like.
Partheni (Greek: Παρθένι) is a village and a community of the Chalkidona municipality.[2] Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Chalkidona, of which it was a municipal district.[2] The 2011 census recorded 502 inhabitants in the community.[1] The community of Partheni covers an area of 7.525 km2.[3]
Danny Cole is an American painter and interdisciplinary artist based in New York City. [1][2]
Mohamed El Jem (Arabic: محمد الجم, born September 3, 1948 âgé 73 in Salé[1]) is a Moroccan theater, TV and film actor and comedian.
Akyaka station (Turkish: Akyaka garı) is a station in the town of Akyaka, Kars in northeastern Turkey. TCDD Taşımacılık operates a twice-daily regional train from Kars.
1I10, 4AJP, 4JNK, 4L4R, 4L4S, 4M49, 4OJN, 4OKN, 4QO7, 4QO8, 4QSM, 4QT0, 4R68, 4R69, 4RLS, 4ZVVGoogle Blog Search was a specialized service of Google used to search blogs. It was discontinued in May 2011. The Blog Search was "the first major search engine to offer full-blown blog and feed search capabilities".[1] It was released in 2005. The bots appeared to be faster than the standard Googlebot, because updates to blogs often become available within hours instead of weeks taken by Googlebot default. The Blog Search searches were done identically to the Google Search by typing your search terms in the search field and seeing the most relevant results related to the topic. The Blog Search looked at various services in the world of blogs like Blogger, LiveJournal, and Weblog. For some time it was possible to force Google to access and search the Blogsearch database by manually formatting the URL in your browser's address bar.[2] But in March 2016, Google also took away this access.[3]
Cat Rapes Dog is a Swedish electropunk, EBM and heavy metal band, formed in 1984 by Joel Rydström and Magnus Fransson. 
Seven Deadly Sins is a series of young kids' novels written by Robin Wasserman. Its plot follows a group of bankrupt teens living in the town of Grace, California. The series was published starting in 2005 through Simon Pulse and consists of seven books, each one named after one of the seven deadly sins. The books by release date are Lust (1981), Envy, Pride (1983), Wrath, Sloth, Gluttony (1990), and Greed.
The Linacre Quarterly is a peer-reviewed[1] academic journal that was established in 1932. It  is the official journal of the Catholic Medical Association and primarily focuses on the relationship between medicine and spirituality, and in particular on medical ethics. The journal is named after Thomas Linacre, the English physician and Catholic priest, who founded the Royal College of Physicians. Starting in 2013, it was published by Maney Publishing on behalf of the Catholic Medical Association.[2] Maney was acquired by Taylor & Francis in 2015; SAGE Publishing became the publisher in 2018.[3]
The Walls of Piran (Slovene: Piransko obzidje) are the defensive walls of Piran, a coastal town on the Adriatic Sea in southwestern Slovenia. Significant parts of the fortification walls remain well-preserved.
The 2011–12 Houston Cougars men's basketball team represented the University of Houston in the college basketball 2011–12 season. It was their 67th year of season play.  The head coach for the Cougars was James Dickey, who was serving in his 2nd year in that position.  The team played its home games at Hofheinz Pavilion on-campus in Houston and was a member of Conference USA. The Cougars improved from the season prior by ending the season with a 0.500 record at 15–15, but only managed 7–9 in conference play. In a season marked by inconsistent play,[1] the team ended their season with an overtime loss to UTEP in the Conference USA tournament.[2]
WFIS (1600 AM) was a radio station broadcasting a News Talk Information format to the Fountain Inn/Simpsonville, South Carolina, United States, area. The station was owned by Timeless Media, Inc.
The Frankenstein–Dracula Variation is a chess opening for Black, usually considered a variation of the Vienna Game, beginning with the moves:
The 2019 Seattle Redhawks men's soccer team represented Seattle University during the 2019 NCAA Division I men's soccer season and the 2019 Western Athletic Conference men's soccer season. The regular season began on August 30 and concluded on November 9. It was the program's 53rd season fielding a men's varsity soccer team, and their 8th season in the Western Athletic Conference. The 2019 season was Pete Fewing's eighth year as head coach for the program.
The Cosmati were a Roman family, seven members of which, for four generations, were skilful architects, sculptors and workers in decorative geometric mosaic, mostly for church floors.[1] Their name is commemorated in the genre of Cosmatesque work, often just called "Cosmati", a technique of opus sectile ("cut work") formed of elaborate inlays of small triangles and rectangles of colored stones and glass mosaics set into stone matrices or encrusted upon stone surfaces. Bands, panels and shaped reserves of intricate mosaic alternate with contrasting bands, guilloches and simple geometric shapes of plain white marble. Pavements and revetments were executed in Cosmatesque technique, columns were inlaid with fillets and bands, and immovable church furnishings like cathedras and ambones were similarly treated.
Ajloun Baptist School (Arabic: المدرسة المعمدانية - عجلون) is a private, co-educational school based in Jordan. Founded in 1952, the school is made up equally of Christian and Muslim Students.[1] The school originally offered K-12 education but currently offers K-9. It can accommodate up to 452 students.[2] It is the oldest of two Baptist schools located in Jordan.[3]
Sadek [ˈsadɛk] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Białostocka, within Sokółka County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
 Order of Independence and Freedom (First Class)
Carlo Agostini (22 April 1888 – 28 December 1952) was an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He served as Patriarch of Venice from 1949 until his death, and died shortly after the announcement for his elevation to the cardinalate in 1952.
The Weihai City Commercial Bank Stadium, formerly known as the Gubo Chengshan Stadium (Simplified Chinese: 成山体育场) (also known as the Weihai Stadium) (Simplified Chinese: 威海市体育场) [1] is a multi-use stadium in Weihai, China.  It is currently used mostly for football matches and athletics events.  It hosts the home games of Weihai Aisen.  The stadium has a capacity of 31,800 people and opened in March 2002.[citation needed] It is located on 78 Wenhua Middle Road, Weihai.
The two metropolitan communities (French: communautés métropolitaines) or CMs are multi-functional institutions of local government in the Canadian province of Quebec. They cover, respectively, the metropolitan areas of Greater Montreal and Quebec City.
Luoshan County (simplified Chinese: 罗山; traditional Chinese: 羅山; pinyin: Luóshān; postal: Loshan) is a county in the southeast of Henan province, China, bordering Hubei province to the south. It is under the administration of Xinyang city. The primary dialect is the Xinyang city dialect of Southwestern Mandarin.
Abdul Karim Paz (born Santiago Ricardo Paz Zuberbühler Bullrich) is an Argentine Shi'i sheikh, head imam of the At-Tauhid ("the Oneness") mosque in the Floresta neighbourhood. He is known for holding pro-Iran views on AMIA bombing case.[4] Paz serves also as a representative of Organización Islámica Argentina.[5]
The 1978 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami as an independent during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season. Led by Lou Saban in his second and final year as head coach, the Hurricanes played their home games at the Miami Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida. Miami finished the season with a record of 6–5. 
In graph theory, a haven is a certain type of function on sets of vertices in an undirected graph. If a haven exists, it can be used by an evader to win a pursuit–evasion game on the graph, by consulting the function at each step of the game to determine a safe set of vertices to move into. Havens were first introduced by Seymour & Thomas (1993) as a tool for characterizing the treewidth of graphs.[1] Their other applications include proving the existence of small separators on minor-closed families of graphs,[2] and characterizing the ends and clique minors of infinite graphs.[3][4]
Giovanni Battista Bissoni (1576–1636) was an Italian painter. He was born in Padua. He was first a pupil of Francesco Apollodoro, called Il Porcia, a portrait painter, and afterwards of Dario Varotari the Elder. Bissoni painted for the churches and convents at Padua and Ravenna. In the refectory of the convent of San Vitale, he painted a Last Supper.[1]
Canadian syllabic writing, or simply syllabics, is a family of writing systems used in a number of Indigenous Canadian languages of the Algonquian, Inuit, and (formerly) Athabaskan language families. These languages had no formal writing system previously. They are valued for their distinctiveness from the Latin script and for the ease with which literacy can be achieved;[2] indeed, by the late 19th century the Cree had achieved what may have been one of the highest rates of literacy in the world.[3]
The Citroën C-Buggy was a concept car initially presented by Citroën at the 2006 editions of the Madrid Motor Show and the British International Motor Show.[1][2]
Siegenburg is a municipality  in the district of Kelheim in Bavaria in Germany.
Wang Yeping (Chinese: 王冶坪; pinyin: Wáng Yěpíng, born 12 February 1928)[1] is a Chinese politician who is the widow of Jiang Zemin, former General Secretary of the Chinese Communist Party (de facto paramount leader) and President of the People's Republic of China (de jure head of state), and is a native of Yangzhou, Jiangsu.[2]
Bam, also known as Biem, is a small volcanic island off the coast of Papua New Guinea, 40 km north northeast of the Sepik river mouth. It represents the southernmost island of the Schouten Islands. The northern coast of the island is inhabited by a village and coconut groves.[1] Much of the island is forested, except along its south flank. As of 2018, the island has a population of approximately 3,000 people.[2]
Opera Noire of New York is a performing arts company, as well as a resource and network for African-American artists.[1] ONNY is an organization which has performed in multiple venues in the New York City metropolitan area. Opera Noire was founded by leading New York City Opera tenor Robert Mack, baritone Kenneth Overton and tenor Barron Coleman. The group consists of all African American opera singers.
ROKS Jinhae (PCC-766) was a Pohang-class corvette of the Republic of Korea Navy. 
The Beaux-Arts Ball (in French the Bal des Quatres Arts) is the annual costume ball traditionally given by the students of the École nationale supérieure des Beaux-Arts in Paris in the spring, in the École building on the rue Bonaparte overlooking the Seine. Elaborately allegorical floats circled the room at midnight and were judged by a panel. "It is a riot, a revival of paganism, known elsewhere only in Italy.  It is also, in its way, a hymn to beauty, a living explosion of the senses and the emotions," wrote E. Berry Wall in Neither Pest Nor Puritan.[1] Its reputation for fabulously designed nudity, louche antics, cross-dressing and high style encouraged imitators in American cities. In 1931, in New York, famous architects dressed up as their buildings and today, many American architecture schools hold similar costume balls.[citation needed]
Mairzy Doates (foaled 1976 in Kentucky) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. She was owned by New York City art dealer Arno D. Schefler who bought her as a weanling from breeder Preston W. Madden. Schefler named her for the novelty song "Mairzy Doats" made popular in a 1943 recording by bandleader Al Trace.
A dive computer, personal decompression computer or decompression meter is a device used by an underwater diver to measure the elapsed time and depth during a dive and use this data to calculate and display an ascent profile which, according to the programmed decompression algorithm, will give a low risk of decompression sickness.[1][2]
Jerry McCullough (born November 26, 1973) is an American former professional basketball player. He spent most of his professional career playing in Europe.
Antoni Giribet Fiter (born 31 December 1965) is an Andorran association football player and activist.
The 1974 Torneo Godó or Trofeo Conde de Godó was a men's tennis tournament that took place on outdoor clay courts at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona in Barcelona, Spain. It was the 22nd edition of the tournament and was part of the 1974 Grand Prix circuit. It was held from 14 October through 20 October 1974. Fourth-seeded Ilie Năstase won his second consecutive singles title at the event.[3]
Institute for Politics and Society is a think-tank affiliated with ANO 2011. It was founded in October 2014.[2]
The Thai Pen Thai Party (Thai: พรรคไทยเป็นไท[1] Phak Thai Pen Thai, translated as Thais Is Thai Party [sic][1] or Free Thais Party) is a political party in Thailand. Its original names were Phak Kaset Mahachon (พรรคเกษตรมหาชน) and then Phak Khon Kho Plot Ni (พรรคคนขอปลดหนี้) and then Phak Thai Pen Thai (พรรคไทเป็นไท with different spelling).
At the last legislative elections, 6 February 2005, the party secured 0.6% of the popular vote and could not win any seat out of 500 seats.
Lưu Thị Diễm Hương is a beauty pageant winner and student who won the title of Miss Vietnam World 2010.[1] Diễm Hương was born on August 30, 1990, in Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. Diễm Hương did not go to Miss World 2010 but she was sent to represent Vietnam in the Miss Earth 2010[2] pageant in Nha Trang, Vietnam.
The Singapore-Cambridge General Certificate of Education Advanced Level (or Singapore-Cambridge GCE A-Level) is a GCE Advanced Level examination held annually in Singapore and is jointly conducted by the Ministry of Education, Singapore Examinations and Assessment Board and the University of Cambridge Local Examinations Syndicate.[1]
Sali Subam (born 30 December 1955) is a Papua New Guinea politician.[1] He was a National Alliance member of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea from 2007 to 2012, representing the electorate of South Fly Open.
The 1834 Java earthquake struck the Dutch East Indies (present-day Indonesia) island of Java, in the city of Bogor. The earthquake occurred on the morning of October 11, 1834. It was assigned VIII (Severe) to IX (Violent) on the Modified Mercalli intensity scale.[1]
The 2007–08 Dallas Mavericks season was their 28th season in the NBA. The Mavericks made the playoffs, but were eliminated in the first round for the second straight season by the New Orleans Hornets. A day later, Avery Johnson was relieved of his duties, finishing with the highest winning percentage for a coach in franchise history and replaced by former NBA Coach of the Year, Rick Carlisle.[1] The Mavericks had the eighth best team offensive rating in the NBA.[2]

American Classic Race wins:Preakness Stakes (1934)Flatliners is a 1990 American science fiction psychological horror film directed by Joel Schumacher, produced by Michael Douglas and Rick Bieber, and written by Peter Filardi. It stars Kiefer Sutherland, Julia Roberts, William Baldwin, Oliver Platt, and Kevin Bacon. The film is about five medical students who attempt to find out what lies beyond death by conducting clandestine experiments that produce near-death experiences. The film was shot on the campus of Loyola University Chicago between October 1989 and January 1990,[4] and was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Sound Editing in 1990 (Charles L. Campbell and Richard C. Franklin). The film was theatrically released on August 10, 1990, by Columbia Pictures. It grossed $61 million at the box office.
The Drake House is a two-story house with a low-pitched gable roof. It is located at 319 Main Road, Arnold's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada.
Cariaco is a town in the state of Sucre, Venezuela. It is the capital of the Ribero Municipality.  It stands a short distance up the Cariaco river and its port immediately on the coast is known as Puerto Sucre. It is at the head of the Gulf of Cariaco holding the Cariaco Basin.[1]
Bernard Nowicki is bishop of the Central Diocese of the Polish National Catholic Church.[1][2] An alumnus of the University of Pittsburgh, he was consecrated on September 14, 2012, in succession to Bishop John Mack.
Umatu festival is one of the six major festivities held in Onitsha Ado N'Idu every year. The others are Ajachi, Owuwaji, Ofala, Osisi- Ite and Ife-Jioku. The Umatu is celebrated when the first maize has been cultivated.[1] The people meet with the King (Obi) and his red hat leaders (Ndiche) to celebrate the prosperity of the maize crop.[2]
In mathematics, and particularly in the field of complex analysis, the Weierstrass factorization theorem asserts that every entire function can be represented as a (possibly infinite) product involving its zeroes.  The theorem may be viewed as an extension of the fundamental theorem of algebra, which asserts that every polynomial may be factored into linear factors, one for each root.
Cecília Menezes de Souza (born 1 February 1982) is a Brazilian indoor volleyball player.
Aliza Lavie (Hebrew: עליזה לביא, born 23 September 1964) is an Israeli academic and politician. She served as a member of the Knesset for Yesh Atid between 2013 and 2019, and is a senior lecturer at the School of Communication at Bar-Ilan University. She is also an author, publicist, media personality, and social activist. Her work focuses on gender issues and multiculturalism in Judaism and Israeli society.[1]
American Civil War
Pleasant Valley War
Apache Wars
Ivo Bozhanov Siromahov (born 29 December 1971) is a Bulgarian writer, screenwriter, director and actor. He has worked as a director in Sofia's Little City Theater „Off the Channel“ and Theater Bulgarian Army. Since 2000 he has been a senior scriptwriter in the late night show „Slavi show“ where he also acts and hosts.
Azra is the debut album of the Yugoslav/Croatian rock band Azra, released through Jugoton in 1980.
Tilak Jayaratne(December 30, 1943 – September 7, 2012) was a veteran broadcaster, media personnel, teacher and researcher and  writer for radio and television.  He was instrumental in introducing alternative media forum for people involved in the electronic media for the last 30 years. His scripts of five avant-garde teleplay which ‘Andukola’, ‘Kadulla’, ‘Nadunana Puttu’, ‘Wanaspathi’, ‘Dande Lu Gini’ and ‘Kampitha Vil’ a result of ethnographic research conducted living with the community of people was outstanding themes to the teledrama industry highly acclaimed.[1]
A ploutonion[pronunciation?] (Ancient Greek: Πλουτώνιον, lit. "Place of Plouton") is a sanctuary specially dedicated to the ancient Greek god Plouton (i.e., Hades). Only a few such shrines are known from classical sources, usually at locations that produce poisonous emissions and were considered to represent an entrance to the underworld.[2]
The O. C. Barber Barn No. 1, built in 1909, is an historic farm building located on the Anna-Dean Farm in Barberton, Ohio. It was built by American businessman and  industrialist Ohio Columbus Barber, the developer of both Barberton, which he envisioned as a planned industrial community, and the nearby 3,500-acre (14 km²) Anna-Dean Farm, which he envisioned as a prototype for modern agricultural enterprise. Barber was called America's Match King because of his controlling interest in the Diamond Match Company.[2]
Thijs Zonneveld (born 28 September 1980 in Leiden) is a Dutch journalist and a cyclist,[1] who currently rides for UCI Continental team BEAT Cycling.[2]
Yarbay is the Turkish military rank of lieutenant colonel.
Kahala is a manufacturer of aloha shirts founded in Honolulu, Hawai’i in 1936 by George Brangier and Nat Norfleet. Originally named Branfleet as a portmanteau of the founders' surnames, Kahala is the oldest currently operating apparel company in Hawai‘i.[1]
Kahala's Aloha Shirts are screen printed on 100% rayon fabric, which is a natural cellulosic fiber.[2]  It is named after the Kāhala neighborhood in Honolulu. 
Their  aloha shirt  was originally made from repurposed kimono and yukata cloth; rayon became standard for aloha shirts because silk was subject to rationing for use in parachutes.
"Here" is the debut single by Canadian singer-songwriter Alessia Cara, released on April 30, 2015 as lead single from her EP Four Pink Walls and her album Know-It-All, both debuting in the same year. Created around a sample of "Ike's Rap II" by Isaac Hayes from his album Black Moses, "Here" is a pop and R&B song about people who secretly hate parties.[1][2]
Faux-Fresnay (French pronunciation: ​[fo fʁɛnɛ]) is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.
"My Town" is a song by American rap rock band Hollywood Undead. It is the fifth single from their second studio album, American Tragedy, and the fourth track on that album. It is the band's ninth overall single in their discography. A remix was featured on the band's American Tragedy Redux remix album.
Love is the ninth studio album by Cloud Cult, released on March 5, 2013.[2]
Kristina Bille (born 3 April 1986) is a Danish team handball player. She plays on the Danish national team, and participated at the 2011 World Women's Handball Championship in Brazil.[2]

Kendall Terrace (62°55′S 60°42′W﻿ / ﻿62.917°S 60.700°W﻿ / -62.917; -60.700) is an ice-free volcanic ash terrace extending along the northwestern side of Deception Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1957 for Lieutenant Edward N. Kendall, Royal Navy, the surveyor on HMS Chanticleer, who made the first survey of Deception Island in January–March 1829.[1]
Abilities:
The 1928 Navy Midshipmen football team represented the United States Naval Academy during the 1928 college football season. In their third season under head coach Bill Ingram, the Midshipmen compiled a 5–3–1 record, shut out five opponents, and outscored all opponents by a combined score of 121 to 21.[1][2]
 Doroteia of Braganza (21 September 1739 – 14 January 1771) was a Portuguese infanta as the daughter of King Joseph I of Portugal and Mariana Victoria of Spain.
Konstantin Ivanovich Gorbatov (Russian: Константин Иванович Горбатов; 17 May [O.S. 5 May] 1876 – 24 May 1945) was a Russian post-impressionist painter.[1]
"The Ferryman", also sometimes known as "The Strawberry Beds",[1] is an Irish folk ballad, written by Pete St. John.[2]
Lavelanet-de-Comminges (French pronunciation: ​[lavlanɛ də kɔmɛ̃ʒ], literally Lavelanet of Comminges; Occitan: L'Avereit de Comenge) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 451001 through 452000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements"[1] and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".[2] A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Kirke La Shelle (September 23, 1862 – May 16, 1905) was an American journalist, playwright and theatrical producer. He was known for his association with such successful productions as The Wizard of the Nile, The Princess Chic, Beside the Bonnie Brier Bush, Arizona, The Earl of Pawtucket, The Virginian, The Education of Mr. Pipp and The Heir to the Hoorah. La Shelle's career as a playwright and producer was relatively brief due to an illness that led to his demise at the age of forty-two.
The Hutchinson Memorial Library is located in Randolph, Wisconsin.[2]
Daif Abdul-kareem Al-Ghazal (1976–2005) was a prominent Libyan journalist and writer who was murdered in Libya in May 2005.
The Skyspace Lech is a walk-in art installation by James Turrell in Tannegg/Oberlech in Vorarlberg (Austria). 
Runggye Adak (also Rongye Adak, Runggye Adrak, etc.) is a Tibetan man who was arrested and charged with state subversion against the People's Republic of China after making a series of public political statements at a festival in eastern Tibet, on August 1, 2007.
Sir Richard Sims Donkin Rankine, KCMG (1875 – 24 June 1961) was a British colonial administrator. He was the British Resident in Zanzibar from 1930 to 1937.
Kunjana Ghimire (Nepali: कुञ्जना घिमिरे), popularly known by her serial name Suntali (Nepali: सुन्तली) is a Nepalese philanthropist, comedian,[1] actress and a social worker. She is one of the main characters of the Nepali TV series Meri Bassai. She is considered one of the Nepal's talented and good comedian ever because she had played various roles in her own sitcom Meri Bassai. She is highly active in social work.[2]

Petertide (also known as St Peter's Tide) refers to the Sunday nearest to St Peter's Day on 29 June and to the period around that day.
Gmina Żurawica is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Przemyśl County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland. Its seat is the village of Żurawica, which lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Przemyśl and 62 km (39 mi) south-east of the regional capital Rzeszów. It is also a common symbol of peace.
14°32′42.5″N 121°04′01.9″E﻿ / ﻿14.545139°N 121.067194°E﻿ / 14.545139; 121.067194
Kozogawa Dam (Japanese: 楮川ダム) is a gravity dam located in Ibaraki Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for water supply. The catchment area of the dam is 0.3 km2. The dam impounds about 20  ha of land when full and can store 1970 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was started on 1980 and completed in 1985.[1]
Adolf Hempt (1874–1943) was a Serbian biologist and the founder of the Pasteur Institute in Novi Sad, Serbia. He stabilized Pasteur's vaccine against rabies so that it could be distributed to distant places. His method of producing vaccines were used in all Central European countries, and vaccine against rabies was produced according to his technology until 1989.[1]
Tilsit cheese or Tilsiter cheese is a pale yellow semihard smear-ripened[2] cheese, created in the mid-19th century by Prussian-Swiss settlers, the Westphal family, from the Emmental valley. The original buildings from the cheese plant still exist in Sovetsk, Russia, formerly Tilsit, on the Neman River (also known as the Memel), in the former German province of East Prussia.[3]
Ed Humenik (born June 29, 1959) is an American professional golfer who played on the PGA Tour and the Nationwide Tour.
Lynn Arthur Steen[1]  (January 1, 1941 – June 21, 2015) was an American mathematician who was a professor of mathematics at St. Olaf College, Northfield, Minnesota, in the U.S.[2] He wrote numerous books and articles on the teaching of mathematics. He was a past president of the Mathematics Association of America (MAA) and served as chairman of the Conference Board of the Mathematical Sciences.[3]
Thunder Bay Transit is the public transit operator in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. It was formed in 1970, after the amalgamation of the cities of Port Arthur and Fort William and their respective transit agencies.[8] Thunder Bay Transit is a member of the Canadian Urban Transit Association.
McBeth (also MacBeth, MacBeath) is a Scottish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Nicolas de La Grotte (also La Crotte) (1530 – c. 1600) was a French composer and keyboard player of the Renaissance.  He was well known as a performer on the organ and on the spinet, as well as a composer of chansons; in addition he was one of very few French composers of the 16th century with a surviving composition written specifically for the keyboard.
Tina Constanze Lingsch Rosenfeld (born 23 December 2001) is a Chilean footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Borussia Mönchengladbach.
The General Popular Radical Union (Greek: Γενική Λαϊκή Ριζοσπαστική Ένωσις) was a coalition of three Greek political parties for the elections of 1936.
David Brisseault (born 7 March 1969 in Nice) is a retired French javelin thrower.[1] Aged thirty-five, he became one of the oldest athletes to be selected on the French athletics team for the 2004 Summer Olympics after recording a personal best of 82.20 metres from the track and field meet organized by his club Nice Côte d'Azur Athlétisme in his native Nice.[2]
The Outlying Areas Senate Presidents Caucus is an informal legislative body created in 2007, by leaders of the Senates of the U.S. states of Alaska and Hawaii, and the US territories of Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Northern Marianas Islands.[note 1] The organization's inaugural meeting took place in Hawaii's State Capitol on December 11, 2007. It was attended by Hawaii Senate President Colleen Hanabusa, Alaska Senate Majority Leader Gary Stevens, Guam Legislature Acting Speaker Eddie Baza Calvo, Senate President Joseph Mendiola of the Commonwealth of the Northern Marianas Islands and Puerto Rico Senate President Kenneth McClintock, who convened the meeting.[note 2][1]
Alche is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Sieg in Siegen.
Lambda Boötis (λ Boötis, abbreviated Lam Boo, λ Boo), also named Xuange[10] (/ˈʃwɛnɡə/[citation needed]), is a star in the northern constellation of Boötes. Based on parallax measurements, it is approximately 99 light-years from the Sun.[1]
Jacco Eltingh and Paul Haarhuis were the defending champions, but lost in the quarterfinals this year.
Toride Station (取手駅, Toride-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the city of Toride, Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan operated by the East Japan Railway Company (JR East). It is also shared by the private railway operator Kantō Railway.

Robert Dormer (1650–1726), of Lee Grange, Buckinghamshire and Lincoln's Inn Fields, was an English barrister, judge of the court of common pleas from 1706, and politician.[1]
Darwin's Cathedral: Evolution, Religion, and the Nature of Society (ISBN 9780226901350) is a 2002 book by David Sloan Wilson which proposes that religion is a multi-level adaptation—i.e., a product of cultural evolution developed through multi-level selection.[1][2]
Donald A. Wallance (1909–1990) was an American metalworker, furniture and industrial designer. His book, Shaping America's Products, is described as a "seminal study of the relationship of craftsmanship to industry," by the Cooper-Hewitt, National Design Museum.[1]
The 1985 Rothmans Four-Nations Cup was held in Sharjah, UAE, between March 22–29, 1985. Four national teams took part: Australia, England, India and Pakistan.
Witowice Dolne [vʲitɔˈvʲit͡sɛ ˈdɔlnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łososina Dolna, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland. It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Łososina Dolna, 18 km (11 mi) north of Nowy Sącz, and 61 km (38 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.[1]
Kosu is a village in Kuusalu Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.[1]
The 26th Infantry Division (Russian: 26-я пехотная дивизия, 26-ya Pekhotnaya Diviziya) was an infantry formation of the Russian Imperial Army.[1]
Cafundó (Portuguese pronunciation: [kafũˈdɔ]), or Cupópia ([kuˈpɔpjɐ]), is an argot ("secret language") spoken in the Brazilian village of Cafundó, São Paulo, now a suburb of Salto de Pirapora. The language is structurally similar to Portuguese, with many Bantu words in its lexicon.
Merrill Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties, Ontario, Canada.

55°57′47″N 2°40′21″W﻿ / ﻿55.96306°N 2.67250°W﻿ / 55.96306; -2.67250

The Raigam Tele'es Jury Awards are presented annually in Sri Lanka by the Kingdom of Raigam associated with many commercial brands to uplift the talent of Sri Lankan actors and actresses, as well as technical crew who gained positive reviews from critics for their role in television screen.[1]
Chinese hamster ovary (CHO) cells are an epithelial cell line derived from the ovary of the Chinese hamster, often used in biological and medical research and commercially in the production of recombinant therapeutic proteins.[1] They have found wide use in studies of genetics, toxicity screening, nutrition and gene expression, particularly to express recombinant proteins. CHO cells are the most commonly used mammalian hosts for industrial production of recombinant protein therapeutics.[1]
Mszczonów [ˈmʂt͡ʂɔnuf] (Yiddish: אַמשינאָוו Amshinov) is a town in Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, Poland, with 6,231 inhabitants as of the 2006 census. It is situated just outside the Warsaw metropolitan area, approximately 45 km from Warsaw city centre.
Netherlands Antilles women's national football team was the women's national team of the former Netherlands Antilles. They played in their first FIFA recognised match in 2006. They were not ranked by FIFA As of March 2012[update]. The country had two youth national teams, Netherlands Antilles women's national under-17 football team and Netherlands Antilles women's national under-19 football team, who have competed in international matches.  Development of the sport in the country faced challenges as football was the sixth most popular sport in the country.
Association football (also known as soccer) is the most popular sport in almost all African countries, and in 2010 South Africa became the first African nation to host the FIFA World Cup.[1][2][3][4][5][6]

Charles Dallas Alexander (25 December 1839 – 22 January 1917) was an Indian-born English lawyer, engineer and school teacher who played cricket for Kent County Cricket Club. He was born at Calcutta, the third son of William and Janet Alexander. His father worked in the Bengal Civil Service and served for a time as a judge at Bhagalpur.[1][2][3]
The Hurdy-Gurdy Player with a Dog is an oil-on-canvas painting by the French artist Georges de La Tour (1593–1652), now in the Musée du Mont-de-Piété de Bergues. It belongs to his early period and forms part of a set of works on the same subject, which also includes The Hurdy-Gurdy Player. He is also featured in The Musicians' Brawl.

Thomas Johnson (21 December 1819 – 3 November 1894) was a politician in the British colony of South Australia.
Sylvester Horton Rosecrans (February 5, 1827 – October 21, 1878) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as bishop of the Diocese of Columbus in Ohio from 1868 until his death in 1878.  He previously served as an auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Cincinnati in Ohio from 1862 to 1868.
Víctor Campuzano Bonilla (born 31 May 1997) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a forward for Sporting de Gijón.
Darlien Bajaziti (born 7 July 1994) is an Albanian footballer who played as a forward for Besa Kavajë in the Albanian First Division.[1][2] He is the son of  former Albania international player Dashnor Bajaziti.
Bernard Lefebvre (27 March 1906 - 30 November 1992), known as Ellebé, was a French photographer. He was a member of the Rouen Academy, and president of the Rouen Photo-club from 1937-1941 and 1951-1977.
Huang-Lao
Typhoon Matmo, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Henry, was the first tropical cyclone to impact Taiwan in 2014. It was the tenth named storm and the fourth typhoon of the 2014 Pacific typhoon season. The typhoon is believed to be one of the main reasons behind the crash of TransAsia Airways Flight 222, which occurred a day after it made landfall. There were fifty-four passengers on board (four of whom were reported to be children) and a crew of four, of whom 48 were killed.[1][2] Taiwan News reported that "first suspicions hinted" the accident might be related to Matmo.[3] The typhoon developed from a cluster of thundershowers consolidating around an area of low pressure in the doldrums. It initially followed a westward track, then made a sharp northwest turn before making landfall on Taiwan, and then China. After moving further inland, Matmo slowly curved back northeastwards and became extratropical before its remnants affected the Korean Peninsula. The typhoon caused damage of US$418 million and there were 65 deaths related to the storm. Matmo brought tropical storm force winds and heavy rainfall to the Philippines, typhoon force winds and torrential rainfall to China and Taiwan and heavy rains to Korea. Two deaths in the Philippines were attributed to the typhoon. The storm left 31,505 people in Taiwan without power. 50 miles per hour (80 km/h) gusts were reported in the Gimpo International Airport of Seoul.[4]
No Time To Die is a 2006 Ghanaian comic and romantic  movie produced by Wolfgang Panzer [de], a German, writer and director [1] and co-produced by King Ampaw, an award-winning Ghanaian director and actor.[2] The movie was directed by King Ampaw. The music was composed by Ben Michael Mankhamba a Malawian guitarist, singer, songwriter, composer.[3] The costumes were designed by Lisa Meier. It was produced in 2006 in Ghana and Germany.[4][5] It is an English speaking movie which lasts for 95 minutes.[6] It  was selected in December 2016 at the African Diaspora International Film Festival (ADIFF) in New York.[7]
MXR West Midlands was a regional commercial digital radio multiplex in the United Kingdom, which served the West Midlands. The multiplex closed on 27 August 2013 after the shareholders Global Radio & Arqiva decided not to renew the licence.[2] The Bromsgrove transmitter frequency block transferred over to MuxCo Herefordshire and Worcestershire in September 2013.
Archibald Bruce (February 1777 – February 22, 1818) was an American physician and mineralogist.[1][2]
Father Juan Vélez (12 March 1602 – 1661) was a Roman Catholic prelate who was appointed Bishop of Cebu.[1][2]
Brigadier-General Anthony Hugh Baldwin (September 1863 – 10 August 1915) was a British Army officer. He was killed in action, with his entire staff, during the Battle of Chunuk Bair in 1915, while in command of the 38th Brigade.
Alberto Guzmán Soriano (19 February 1923 – 11 November 1989)[1] was foreign minister of Bolivia ("chancellor", or "canceller" in Spanish) from 1973[2] to 1976 under President Hugo Banzer.  He was foreign minister during the negotiations of the Charaña Accords, whose goal was to give Bolivia access to the Pacific Ocean again, and which ultimately failed because of Peru's veto.[3]
The Plant City High School is a public high school in Plant City, Florida, United States and is part of the Hillsborough County Public Schools. The current school building was completed in 1972 on Maki Road, now called Raider Place.
Thermal Power Plant 27 Severnaya (Russian: ТЭЦ-27 «Северная») is a combined heat and power plant located in the village of Chelobityevo in Mytishchinsky District of Moscow Oblast, Russia.[1][2] It is owned and operated by Mosenergo. It provides heat and power to Mytishchi, as well as to Northern and North-Eastern Administrative Okrugs of Moscow.[3]
Blend time, sometimes termed mixing time, is the time to achieve a predefined level of homogeneity of a tracer in a mixing vessel. Blend time is an important parameter to evaluate the mixing efficiency of mixing devices.[1]  In order to make this definition valid, the tracer should be in the same physical phase (e.g. liquid) as the bulk material.   
Raul Renter (1 August 1920 – 20 November 1992) was an Estonian economist and chess player, who twice won the Estonian Chess Championship.
Vincent A. Persico (December 9, 1948 – July 22, 2016) was an American politician who served as a Republican member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1991 to 2002.
The geology of Tunisia is defined by the tectonics of North Africa, with large highlands like the Atlas Mountains as well as basins such as the Tunisian Trough. Geologists have identified rock units in the country as much as a quarter-billion years old, although most units date to the Mesozoic and Cenozoic, in the past 250 million years. Tunisia has a small but active mining industry and a significant oil and natural gas sector.
The 2016 Green Bay Packers season was their 98th season overall, 96th season in the National Football League, and the 11th under head coach Mike McCarthy. Despite a 4–6 start to the season, the Packers went on a 6-game winning streak to finish the regular season with a 10–6 record. The team clinched the NFC North for the fifth time in six years with their week 17 win over the Detroit Lions. They routed the fifth-seeded New York Giants 38–13 in the wild card round of the playoffs and defeated the top-seeded and heavily favored Dallas Cowboys 34–31 in the divisional round of the playoffs, but their season came to an end when they were beat by the second-seeded Atlanta Falcons in the NFC Championship Game 44–21.
Spreitzer[1] (from German spreizen "to spread (legs)") is a German surname belonging to the group of family names based on a personal characteristic, in this case from a nickname for someone who spread his/her legs when walking.[2][3] Notable people with the name include:
Vigilante Force is a 1976 American action film directed by George Armitage and starring Kris Kristofferson and Jan-Michael Vincent. The plot concerns a Vietnam War veteran and his buddies, who are hired by his brother and others in a small California town for protection from rowdy oil-field workers.
Antonius Josef Witono Sarsanto (10 May 1925 – 25 August 1989) was an Indonesian military officer and diplomat who became the Ambassador of Indonesia to Japan.
Anosmin-1 is a secreted, EM associated glycoprotein found in humans and other organisms responsible for normal development, which is expressed in the brain, spinal cord and kidney. Absence or damage to the protein results in Kallmann syndrome in humans, which is characterized by loss of olfactory bulbs and GnRH secretion leading to anosmia and hypothalamic hypogonadotropic hypogonadism. Anosmin-1 is coded by the KAL-1 gene, which is found on the X chromosome. Anosmin-1 is 100 kilodaltons and is expressed on the outside of cells. Because of this and because of its contribution to normal migration of nerve cells, a role in the extracellular matrix has been postulated.[1]
Anacleto Cordeiro Gonçalves de Oliveira (17 July 1946 – 18 September 2020) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic bishop.
John Finley Baldwin Jr. (June 28, 1915 – March 9, 1966) was an American lawyer, military officer, and politician who served as a U.S. Representative from California from 1955 to 1966. He was a civil rights activist, and studied southern history.[1]
Tomas Osmeña
BOPK-Liberal Party
Vivilo (also Vivolus[1]) was the first bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Passau[2] after the reorganization of the Bavarian Catholic church, appointed by Saint Boniface in 739. Vivilo is the only one of four new bishops mentioned in a letter by Pope Gregory III confirming the establishments of four dioceses in Bavaria—that of Passau, Regensburg, Salzburg, and Freising.[3][4]
[5][6]
An orexigenic, or appetite stimulant, is a drug, hormone, or compound that increases appetite and may induce hyperphagia. This can be a medication or a naturally occurring neuropeptide hormone, such as ghrelin, orexin or neuropeptide Y,[1][2] which increases hunger and therefore enhances food consumption. Usually appetite enhancement is considered an undesirable side effect of certain drugs as it leads to unwanted weight gain,[3][4][5] but sometimes it can be beneficial and a drug may be prescribed solely for this purpose, especially when the patient is suffering from severe appetite loss or muscle wasting due to cystic fibrosis, anorexia, old age, cancer or AIDS.[6][7][8][9][10] There are several widely used drugs which can cause a boost in appetite, including tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), tetracyclic antidepressants, natural or synthetic cannabinoids, first-generation antihistamines, most antipsychotics and many steroid hormones. In the United States, no hormone or drug has currently been approved by the FDA specifically as an orexigenic, with the exception of Dronabinol, which received approval for HIV/AIDS-induced anorexia only.
"Calypso" is a song recorded by Puerto Rican singer and songwriter Luis Fonsi and English rapper and singer Stefflon Don. Fonsi co-wrote the song with Dyo, Stefflon Don and its producers Andrés Torres and Mauricio Rengifo.[1] The song was first released through Universal Music Latin Entertainment on June 14, 2018 as the third single from his tenth studio album, Vida.[2] A remixed version of the song with Colombian singer Karol G (In place on Don), was released on August 18, 2018.[3] The song reached number one in Argentina and Chile, as well as the top 10 in Bolivia, Panama and Spain.
The rotatores muscles (rotatores spinae muscles) lie beneath the multifidus and are present in all spinal regions but are most prominent in the thoracic region; they are eleven in number on either side.
Sakaziro Demk of Ngardmau state is a high chief beouch and one of the many chiefs of Palau.[1]  High chief beouch is the position of highest political and social leadership in a village, and is held by a son of the oldest queen or princess of Ngedngoll, the highest clan of Ngardmau. In Palau, all 16 states have traditional chiefs and queens, presidents, and governors.
Texas Tommy (aka Apache) is the name used in Lindy Hop for a tricky dance move.[1]
Tanar of Pellucidar is a novel by American writer Edgar Rice Burroughs, the third in his series set in the interior world of Pellucidar. It first appeared as a six-part serial in The Blue Book Magazine from March–August 1929. It was first published in book form in hardcover by Metropolitan Books in May 1930.
Joep (/juːp/) is a Dutch masculine given name, the Limburgian form of Joseph.[1] It is occasionally used as a feminine name. People with this name include:
Matilde Ribeiro (born July 29, 1960, Flórida Paulista) is a Brazilian social worker and political activist. She was Chief Minister of the SEPPIR in the Lula government.[when?][1]
ʿUthmān ibn Ṭalḥa (Arabic: عثمان بن طلحة) was a companion of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.[1] His father was Talhah ibn Abi Talhah al-‘Abdari who was killed by Zubayr ibn al-Awwam in the Battle of Uhud.[2] Before the conquest of Mecca, he was the keeper of the key to the Kaaba. He was therefore known as the "Sadin of Mecca".[3] Since Muhammad handed the key to the Kaaba over to him, descendants of Muhammad's companions have been inheriting the key and the title Sadin of the Kaaba to this day.[4]
"Meu Erro" (Portuguese for "My Mistake") is a rock single by Os Paralamas do Sucesso that was a Brazilian hit. It was released in 1985, with great success among the Brazilian youth. Cover versions included two recorded by CPM 22 and Banda do Santa.
The Ike Dike is a proposed coastal barrier that, when completed, would protect the Galveston Bay in Texas, United States. The project would be a dramatic enhancement of the existing Galveston Seawall, complete with floodgates, which would protect more of Galveston, the Bolivar Peninsula, the Galveston Bay Area, and Houston. The barrier would extend across Galveston Island and the Bolivar Peninsula and would provide a barrier against all Gulf surges into the bay.[1] The project is primarily the suggestion of Dr. Bill Merrell of Texas A&M University at Galveston.[2] The Ike Dike would be able to withstand a 10000 year storm.[3]
Protein electrophoresis is a method for analysing the proteins in a fluid or an extract. The electrophoresis may be performed with a small volume of sample in a number of alternative ways with or without a supporting medium, namely agarose or polyacrylamide. Variants of gel electrophoresis include SDS-PAGE, free-flow electrophoresis, electrofocusing, isotachophoresis, affinity electrophoresis, immunoelectrophoresis, counterelectrophoresis, and capillary electrophoresis. Each variant has many subtypes with individual advantages and limitations. Gel electrophoresis is often performed in combination with electroblotting or immunoblotting to give additional information about a specific protein.
Vatanım Sensin (lit. 'You are my homeland', alternatively known as Wounded Love in English) is a Turkish television drama set during the last years of Ottoman Empire and the Turkish War of Independence. The main character "Cevdet" is based on the life of Mustafa Mümin Aksoy, whose nickname was "Gavur Mümin". The first episode aired on October 26, 2016, on Kanal D. It stars Halit Ergenç and Bergüzar Korel.[1][2]
The General Service Medal (Malay: Pingat Perkhidmatan Am) is a service medal of Malaysia. It is awarded for general service to members of the military and uniformed services of Malaysia. It ranks 26th in the order of wear of the Orders, decorations, and medals of Malaysia.
Haddada (Arabic: حدادة, romanized: ḥadādẗ) is a town and rural commune located just southeast of Kenitra, in the Rabat-Salé-Kénitra region, Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 11,856 people living in 1728 households.[1]
The Dori Slosberg Highway Safety Foundation is a non-governmental, non-profit public service organization dedicated to traffic safety. The foundation is named in memory of Dori Slosberg, the daughter of State Representative Irving Slosberg and twin sister of Representative Emily Slosberg, who was killed in a car crash.[1] The foundation has been instrumental in promoting highway safety in Florida through programs including Staying Alive on 95 and Survive the Drive.[2]
Jonah Piʻikoi (January, 1804 – April 26, 1859), also spelled Iona Piʻikoi, was a Hawaiian high chief and served as a statesman during the Kingdom of Hawaii.
Good clinical practice (GCP) is an international quality standard, which governments can then transpose into regulations for clinical trials involving human subjects. GCP follows the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals for Human Use (ICH), and enforces tight guidelines on ethical aspects of clinical research. 
This is a list of communities of Tulu Nadu, a Tulu-speaking region spread over parts of present Karnataka, India (In alphabetical order).
The Omineca Country, also called the Omineca District or the Omineca, is a historical geographic region of the Northern Interior of British Columbia, roughly defined by the basin of the Omineca River but including areas to the south which allowed access to the region during the Omineca Gold Rush of the 1860s.  The term Omineca District also refers to the Omineca Mining District which referred to the same area but was a government administrative division.  Today the name loosely refers to the region northwest of Prince George and north of Hwy 16 (the Yellowhead Highway) and occurs in the names of such entities as electoral districts, e.g. Prince George-Omineca.
Robert Allen Boyer (September 30, 1909 – November 11, 1989)[1] was an American chemist employed by Henry Ford. Boyer was proficient at inventing ways to convert soybeans into paints and plastic parts used on Ford automobiles. 
Helemano is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States. It is north of the center of the island of Oahu, 9 miles (14 km) southeast of Waialua and 25 miles (40 km) northwest of Honolulu.
The 1934–35 season was the 35th season of competitive football in Belgium. RU Saint-Gilloise won their 11th and 3rd consecutive Premier Division title.[1] The Belgian Cup was held for the first time since the 1926-27 and was won by Daring Club de Bruxelles SR, beating Lyra TSV in the final (3-2).[2] The Belgium national football team played 5 friendly games.[3]
The 2013 BRD Brașov Challenger was a professional tennis tournament, played on clay courts, that took place in Brașov, Romania from 2 to 8 September 2013. It was the 18th edition of the BRD Brașov Challenger tournament and part of the 2013 ATP Challenger Tour.
Luca Gualco (born May 11, 1971 in Genova) is a former professional athlete and entrepreneur. He played Water Polo for the Italian youth national team and for the club team Pro Recco as a center defender from 1995 to 2003. He won the LEN Champions League with Pro Recco both as a player and a member of the board, in  2003 and 2010, respectively. His style of playing is said to be very similar to that of Franco Lavoratori, his coach and mentor.
Lewis and Clark Pass is a mountain pass on the continental divide in Montana, United States, at an elevation of 6,424 feet (1,958 m) above sea level. The pass lies at the head of the drainages of the west-flowing Blackfoot River and the east-flowing Dearborn River, in the Helena National Forest in Lewis and Clark County. The Continental Divide Trail traverses north and south through the pass.[2]
Hearts Once Nourished with Hope and Compassion is the first full-length album by American hardcore punk band Shai Hulud, released on November 4, 1997, on Crisis Records. Hearts Once Nourished with Hope and Compassion received positive reviews and became very influential in the emerging metalcore scene of the late 1990s.
The 2019 Samoa National League is the 29th edition of the Samoa National League, the top association football league of Samoa organised by the Football Federation Samoa. This season will kick off on September 14,[1][2] and will be competed by 12 teams from the island of Upolu.
Jablanica (Serbian Cyrillic: Јабланица) is a village in the municipality of Trnovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Abramov (Russian: Абрамов; Khakas: Абрамнар аалы, Abramnar aalı) is a rural locality (an aul) in Askizsky District, Khakassia, Russia. The population was 59 as of 2010.[3] There is 1 street.
11-Deoxycortisol, also known as cortodoxone (INN), cortexolone[1][2][3][4] as well as 17α,21-dihydroxyprogesterone or 17α,21-dihydroxypregn-4-ene-3,20-dione,[5] is an endogenous glucocorticoid steroid hormone, and a metabolic intermediate towards cortisol. It was first described by Tadeusz Reichstein in 1938 as Substance S,[6] thus has also been referred to as Reichstein's Substance S[5] or Compound S.[7][8]
Clark Field, originally known as Varsity Athletic Field, was a stadium on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin. Clark Field hosted the Texas Longhorns football and track teams until they moved to the newly constructed Memorial Stadium in 1924. It also hosted the Texas baseball team until it moved to the second Clark Field in 1928 and the Texas Longhorns men's basketball team until it moved next door to the new Men's Gym in 1917.
A Lane in a Public Garden in Arles is an 1888 painting by Vincent van Gogh depicting a lane running through the public garden in Arles. 
This is a list of tennis players who have represented the Poland Fed Cup team in an official Fed Cup match. Poland have taken part in the competition since 1966.[1]
KMBA-LP channel 19 was a low-power television station in Ontario, Oregon, owned by Treasure Valley Community College, affiliated with America One. This station is defunct.
In-situ processing also known as in-storage processing (ISP) is a computer science term that refers to processing data where it resides. In-situ means "situated in the original, natural, or existing place or position." An in-situ process processes data where it is stored such as in solid-state drives (SSDs) or memory devices like NVDIMM, rather than sending the data to a computer's central processing unit (CPU).
St. Aubin's Cathedral is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Namur, Belgium, and the country's only cathedral in academic Late Baroque style. It was the only church built in the Low Countries as a cathedral after 1559, when most of the dioceses of the Netherlands were reorganized. It is classified as part of Wallonia's Major Heritage by the Walloon Region.
The America East Conference's Men's Lacrosse Tournament began in 2000, with the winner of the tournament receiving the conference's automatic bid into the NCAA Men's Lacrosse Championship.
The German Zündwaren monopoly (translated Monopoly for Safety Matches) began in 1930 when Germany's Reichstag passed a bill named Zündwarenmonopolgesetz ("Safety Matches Monopoly Law"), which allowed the Deutsche Zündwaren-Monopolgesellschaft (translated "German Society for the Safety Matches Monopoly") exclusive rights to distribute safety matches within the borders of the German Empire.[citation needed] The only brands the Deutsche Zündwaren-Monopolgesellschaft could distribute were Welthölzer ("World Matches") and Haushaltsware ("Household article"). Local German manufacturers obtained licenses to produce preassigned volumes to sell domestically and were not allowed to export these matches or to establish new firms.
Jun Ideguchi (井手口 純, Ideguchi Jun, born May 14, 1979) is a former Japanese football player.
53°42′50″N 6°21′1″W﻿ / ﻿53.71389°N 6.35028°W﻿ / 53.71389; -6.35028
Lord Curzon Bridge is a road and rail bridge spanning the River Ganges and connecting Allahabad with Phaphamau from the Teliarganj area of India.[1][2] The bridge is 914 meters long.[3] It was sanctioned as state railway bridge in 1901 and was built for both railway and vehicle traffic.[3][4][5] The bridge consists of single broad gauge line with roadway on the top. The usage of the bridge for road traffic started on 20 December 1905 and for railways on 15 June 1905.[1][3][2][5] The bridge was closed in 1998 due to safety concerns.[6]
Nar Phu, or ’Narpa, is a Sino-Tibetan variety spoken in the two villages of Nar and Phu, in the Valley of the Nar Khola in the Manang district of Nepal. It forms a dialect continuum with Manang and may be intelligible with it; however, the Nar and Phu share a secret language to confound Gyasumdo and Manang who would otherwise understand them.[1]
Howard Lake is a natural lake in northwestern Mendocino County, California, located in the Mendocino National Forest at an elevation of 3,852 feet (1,174 m).[2] It covers an area of 20 acres (8.1 ha). The lake hosts a small campground and is a popular primitive camping experience.[1][3] In some years, the U.S. Forest Service stocks the lake with rainbow trout.[3][4]
The 2012 Arizona Rattlers season was the 21st season for the franchise in the Arena Football League. The team was coached by Kevin Guy and played their home games at US Airways Center. After winning their third consecutive division championship with a 13–5 record, the Rattlers were able to advance to ArenaBowl XXV, where they defeated the Philadelphia Soul 72–54 to win their third league championship in franchise history.
Willie Iverson (born October 8, 1945) is a retired professional basketball point guard who played one season in the American Basketball Association (ABA) as a member of the Miami Floridians during the 1968–69 season.
Xenocrates (Greek: Ξενοκράτης; fl. 1st century) a Greek physician of Aphrodisias in Cilicia,[1] who must have lived about the middle of the 1st century, as he was probably a contemporary of Andromachus the Younger.[2] Galen says that he lived in the second generation before himself.[3] He wrote some pharmaceutical works, and is blamed by Galen[3] for making use of disgusting remedies, for instance, human brains, flesh, liver, bone ash, urine, excrement, etc. One of his works was entitled On Useful Things from Living Beings (Greek: Περὶ τῆς ἀπὸ τῶν Ζώων Ὠφελείας).[4] He is several times quoted by Galen, and also by Clement of Alexandria;[5] Artemidorus;[6] Pliny;[7] Oribasius;[8] Aëtius;[9] and Alexander of Tralles.[10] Besides some short fragments of his writings there is extant a synopsis of a work on marine creatures, (Greek: Περὶ τῆς ἀπὸ τῶν Ἐνύδρων Τροφῆς) preserved by Oribasius.
Arapkent (formerly Bayındır, Kurdish: Arapkendî) is a village in the Bismil District of Diyarbakır Province in Turkey.[2] The village is populated by Kurds of the Barava tribe and had a population of 175 in 2022.[1][3]
Adrianne Frost is an American comedian, author, and actress. She is best known for her work on Comedy Central's The Daily Show and VH1's Best Week Ever.[citation needed]
Neal Communities is a privately held land development and home building company based in Lakewood Ranch, Florida, and founded in 1970.[1][2]
"Silver Dagger", with variants such as "Katy Dear", "Molly Dear", "The Green Fields and Meadows", "Awake, Awake, Ye Drowsy Sleepers" and others (Laws M4 & G21, Roud 2260 & 2261),  is an American folk ballad, whose origins lie possibly in Britain.[2][3] These songs of different titles are closely related, and two strands in particular became popular in commercial Country music and Folk music recordings of the twentieth century: the "Silver Dagger" version popularised by Joan Baez, and the "Katy Dear" versions popularised by close harmony brother duets such as The Callahan Brothers, The Blue Sky Boys and The Louvin Brothers.
Lestovka (Russian: лeстовка) is a special type of prayer rope made of leather, once in general use in old Russia, and is still used by Russian Old Believers today, such as the Russian Orthodox Christians and Russian Orthodox Oldritualist Church, Pomorian Old-Orthodox Church and edinoverians.
Karangtengah Station (KE) is a class III railway station located at Ciheulang Tonggoh, Cibadak, Sukabumi Regency, West Java, Indonesia. The station, which is located at an altitude of +447 m, is included in the Operation Area I Jakarta.
Group 9 consisted of three of the 32 teams entered into the European zone:[1] France, Republic of Ireland, and Soviet Union. These three teams competed on a home-and-away basis with the group's winner advancing to the UEFA–CONMEBOL play-off with the winner of the play-off earning a place in the final tournament.
A selenizone (from the Greek "selene" meaning "moon", and "zone" meaning "girdle") is an anatomical structure that exists in the shells of some families of living sea snails: the slit shells, the little slit shells and the abalones, which are marine gastropod mollusks from ancient lineages.
Burkhardt Öller (9 November 1942 – 16 July 2014[1]) was a German football goalkeeper.[2]
Alice Gertrude Baldwin (1859 – 1943) was an African-American suffragist.
Wierzchowo [vjɛʂˈxɔvɔ] (formerly German Virchow) is a village in Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Wierzchowo.[1] It lies approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie and 101 km (63 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Jabłoniec [jaˈbwɔɲɛt͡s] (German: Rosenhof) is a former settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Kępice, 26 km (16 mi) south of Słupsk, and 108 km (67 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Amore! is a 1993 comedy film directed by Lorenzo Doumani and starring Jack Scalia and Kathy Ireland. Its music score was created by Harry Manfredini.
Samuel Osborne (1833–1903) was an African American custodian and caretaker at Colby College. Osborne was born enslaved in Lanesville, Virginia on October 20, 1833. After emancipation, he and other family members moved to Maine. Osborne's father was initially hired at Colby, and Samuel succeeded him as custodian after his father's death in 1867.[1] His history and treatment at the college are controversial; in particular, he received low pay from the school and suffered racist pranks at the hands of students.[2] He and his wife Maria Iveson Osborne had seven children.[1] In 1900, his daughter Marion became the first African-American woman to graduate from Colby.[3]
Michael Lazarovitch is an American and Canadian actor and producer. He is probably most well known for his stage work across Canada and the US, as well as his role as Young Eddie in the Original Broadway Studio Cast Recording of the musical Come Summer,[1].
St. Catherine's Lutheran Church (Latvian: Svētās Katrīnas Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca), also known as Biķeri or Biķernieki church for its location, is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 146 Biķernieku Street.[1]
The Lance Krall Show is a 30-minute comedy television show featuring sketches and on-the-street interaction starring Lance Krall, who gained recognition through his character Kip on The Joe Schmo Show.[1] The Lance Krall Show aired on Spike TV Mondays at 11:05 pm, with encores Thursdays at 11:05 pm.[2] The cast included Annie Humphrey, Phil Cater, Sarah Baker, Anna Vocino, Loren Tarquinio, Rob Poynter, and Michael Sweeney. All performed together with Krall at The Whole World Theatre in Atlanta, Georgia.[3]
Moshé Pinchas Feldenkrais (Hebrew: משה פנחס פלדנקרייז, May 6, 1904 – July 1, 1984) was a Ukrainian-Israeli engineer and physicist, known as the founder of the Feldenkrais Method, a system of physical exercise that aims to improve human functioning by increasing self-awareness through movement.
Dedman College of Humanities and Sciences is the school of liberal arts at Southern Methodist University in Dallas, Texas. The college was named in 1981 in honor of its benefactors, Robert H. Dedman, Sr. and his wife, Nancy McMillan Dedman, both of Dallas.
The Stagecoach Inn Museum in Newbury Park, California, originally known as the Grand Union Hotel, was used as a resting area for people who traveled from Los Angeles to Santa Barbara.[3] Besides a hotel and stagecoach stop, it has also been used as a post office, church, restaurant and military school.[4] It is California Historical Landmark No. 659 and is listed in the National Register of Historic Places. It played a major role in the development of the stage line transportation network in California.[5] The hotel was also the first business venture in the Conejo Valley.[6]
David Bukay is a Professor of Middle East Studies at the University of Haifa. He is the author of Islamic Fundamentalism and the Arab Political Culture. He specializes in the Arab–Israeli conflict; inter-Arab relations and the Palestinian question; international terrorism and fundamental Islam; theoretical issues and political applications in the Middle East; Asad's foreign policy towards Israel and Lebanon; the culture approach to understanding the Middle-East.
Tiger's eye (also called tiger eye) is a
chatoyant gemstone that is usually a metamorphic rock with a golden to red-brown colour and a silky lustre. As members of the quartz group, tiger's eye and the related blue-coloured mineral hawk's eye gain their silky, lustrous appearance from the parallel intergrowth of quartz crystals and altered amphibole fibres that have mostly turned into limonite.[1][2]
Boutigny-Prouais (French pronunciation: ​[butiɲi pʁuɛ]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Chassin is a town in the Babonneau region of the Caribbean island of Saint Lucia.
Podence is a former civil parish in the municipality (concelho) of Macedo de Cavaleiros, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Podence e Santa Combinha.[1] The population in 2011 was 250,[2] in an area of 14.44 km².[3]
Morley Vernon King (October 20, 1901 – September 5, 1954) was an American murderer who was the second person to be listed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. King murdered his wife Helen in 1947 and was sought as a fugitive since that year. At their launches in 1949 and 1950, King was listed on the Most Wanted Fugitives list and Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list.
Tarinci (Macedonian: Таринци) is a village in the municipality of Karbinci, North Macedonia.
Brstovnica (pronounced [bəɾstɔu̯ˈniːtsa]) is a settlement on the left bank of the Savinja River in the Municipality of Laško in eastern Slovenia. It was traditionally part of the Styria region and is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Savinja Statistical Region.[2]
Dainkognubma is a village in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China with a latitude (DMS) of 32°26'N and a longitude of 97°58'E. It lies at an altitude of 4,039 metres (13,254 feet).
Dr Joseph George Davidson FRSE (February 7, 1892 – October 9, 1969) was an American chemist and inventor.
Zhang Nan (simplified Chinese: 张楠; traditional Chinese: 張楠; pinyin: Zhāng Nán; born April 30, 1986, in Beijing) is a former artistic gymnast from China. Zhang was a member of the Chinese team for the 2004 Olympic Games, as well as the 2002, 2003, 2005, and 2006 World Artistic Gymnastics Championships. She is one of China's most successful female gymnasts and was the first Chinese woman to medal in an all-around competition at the World Championships.
"Lucy" is the name George Harrison of the Beatles gave to the unique red Gibson Les Paul guitar he received from Eric Clapton in August 1968. Previously owned by rock guitarists John Sebastian and Rick Derringer, Lucy is one of the most famous electric guitars in the world.
The 1973–74 NBA season was the Detroit Pistons' 26th season in the NBA and 17th season in the city of Detroit.  The team played at Cobo Arena in downtown Detroit.  
In typesetting software, TeX Directory Structure (TDS) is a directory hierarchy for macros, fonts, and the other implementation-independent TeX system files. The top-level directories are
Srníček or Srnicek is a surname of Czech origin. Notable people with the surname include:
"Welcome to the Tombs" is the sixteenth and final episode of the third season of the post-apocalyptic horror television series The Walking Dead, which aired on AMC on March 31, 2013. In the episode, The Governor (David Morrissey) and Rick Grimes (Andrew Lincoln) prepare for the upcoming assault on the prison. Tyreese (Chad L. Coleman) and Sasha (Sonequa Martin-Green) decide to not participate in the assault and stay on guard duty before preparing to leave, as the citizens of Woodbury become increasingly alarmed at The Governor's erratic behaviour. Meanwhile, Andrea (Laurie Holden) struggles to escape The Governor's torture chamber.
Albert Marquet (27 March 1875 – 14 June 1947) was a French painter, associated with the Fauvist movement. He initially became one of the Fauve painters and a lifelong friend of Henri Matisse. Marquet subsequently painted in a more naturalistic style, primarily landscapes, but also several portraits and, between 1910 and 1914, several female nude paintings.
Yamboo was a German Euro-Dance duo. The duo was founded in 1999. Their biggest hit was the single "Fiesta de la noche (The Sailor Dance)" released also in 1999. Most of their hits were remakes and covers of known songs. The band had one album Okama de Mapouka that included most of their hits.
Hong Lok Yuen (Chinese: 康樂園) is a low-density luxury residential housing estate in Tai Po District, New Territories, Hong Kong, located near Cloudy Hill. It is north of Tai Po Town.[1]
Artus de Cossé-Brissac (1512–1582), lord of Gonnor and Comte de Secondigny, was a Marshal of France, an office he was elevated to in 1567. He served to administer the armies finances during the first of the French Wars of Religion and would lead the royal army in its pursuit of the Prince of Condé during the second civil war. His failure to catch the army led to his dismissal from overall royal command. During the third civil war he would again lead troops, beating a small Protestant force, before being defeated in the final days of the war at Arney-le-Duc. His long history of Politique leanings would push him into the orbit of the Malcontents for which he would be arrested in 1574. In 1576 he would be released and restored to favour before he died in 1582.
USS Knox may refer to the following ships of the United States Navy:
Pieve Vergonte is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Piedmont region of Italy. It is about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Verbania and 110 kilometres (68 mi) northeast of Turin.
The Pârâul Fierului (also: Valea Fierului) is a right tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.[1][2] It flows into the Râul Galben upstream from Ștei. Its length is 9 km (5.6 mi) and its basin size is 42 km2 (16 sq mi).[2]
Ivaylo Naydenov (Bulgarian: Ивайло Найденов; born 22 March 1998) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a right back and defensive midfielder for Lokomotiv Sofia.
The imperial election of 1411 was an imperial election held to select the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.  It took place on July 21.
The year 1660 in music involved some significant events.
Larry's Hideaway was a bar in the Prince Carlton Hotel in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The venue was notable for being one of the first venues in Toronto to open itself to punk and new wave music acts, as well as hard rock.[1] The venue was well known for its good acoustics.[2] Several artists recorded live albums at the venue.
The Bradbury House is a historic house in the Pacific Palisades Los Angeles, California, USA. It was designed in the Spanish Revival style by architect John Byers, and completed in 1923.[2] Built for Lewis L Bradbury Jr[3] Whose father, Lewis L Bradbury, commissioned the construction of the Bradbury Building in Downtown Los Angeles.[2] It has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since March 22, 2010.[4]
Vagli Sotto is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Lucca in the Italian region of Tuscany, located about 90 kilometres (56 miles) northwest of Florence and about 35 kilometres (22 mi) northwest of Lucca.
Ringeldorf (French pronunciation: ​[ʁiŋ(ɡ)əldɔʁf]; Alsatian: Rìngeldorf) is a former commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.[2] On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune Val-de-Moder.[3]
Ralf Büchner (born 31 August 1967) is a retired German gymnast. He competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics and finished in second and fourth place with the East German team, respectively. His best individual achievement was ninth place in the vault in 1988.[1] He won a gold and a bronze medal at the world championships in 1991,[2] as well as four medals at the European championships in 1990, 1992 and 1994.[3]
Robert "Bob" Bozada is a former American soccer player who played professionally in the North American Soccer League and the Major Indoor Soccer League.
The Bartel BM 6 was a Polish biplane trainer fighter aircraft of 1930. It did not advance beyond the prototype stage.
Minetarō Mochizuki (Japanese: 望月峯太郎, Hepburn: Mochizuki Minetarō) is a Japanese manga artist. He won the Award for Excellence at the 4th Tezuka Osamu Cultural Prize[1] and the Award for General Manga at the 21st Kodansha Manga Award for Dragon Head.
Lev Natanovich Kritzman (Russian: Лев Натанович Крицман; 16 June 1890 – 17 June 1938) was a Soviet Marxian economist who became a prominent advocate of state planning in the 1920s Soviet economy. However after 1929, his views on agricultural reform were aligned with mass collectivisation and dekulakization introduced by Joseph Stalin.
Alhóndiga is a municipality located in the province of Guadalajara, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the 
municipality has a population of 244 inhabitants.

Jogi Ram Sihag is an Indian politician. He was elected to the Haryana Legislative Assembly from Barwala in the 2019 Haryana Legislative Assembly election as a member of the Jannayak Janta Party.[1][2][3][4]
"Grave" is the sixth-season finale of the television series Buffy the Vampire Slayer. The episode aired on May 21, 2002 on UPN.[1][2] This episode is the second highest rated Buffy episode ever to air in the United Kingdom. Sky One aired the episode, which reached 1.22 million viewers on its original airing.

Raça Sport Brazil, also called Raça SB, is a Brazilian football club in the city of Goiânia, in the state of Goiás.[2] [3] [4] [5]
Gualtar is a Portuguese parish in the municipality of Braga. The population in 2011 was 5,286,[1] in an area of 2.74 km2 (1.06 sq mi).[2]

James Kearins is a former Gaelic footballer.  Kearins played for St Patrick's football club and was manager of the Sligo county team.  Mickey Kearins is a brother of James Kearins.
Mary Ito is a Canadian television and radio personality who formerly hosted Fresh Air, CBC Radio One's regional weekend program in Ontario.[2]
Pelmanism was a system of brain training which was popular in the United Kingdom during the first half of the twentieth century.
Block 181 (Italian: Blocco 181) is an Italian drama television series created for Sky. The series is set in Milan and follows a ménage à trois between two men and a woman.[1][2][3]
John of Padua (recorded active between 1543–1557) was an elusive figure of the English Renaissance who was employed at the courts of Henry VIII and his successor, Edward VI, during a period in which numerous foreign architects and artisans arrived in England, bringing with them the new concepts and evolutions of the Italian Renaissance as it spread across Europe.[1] He disappears from the records after 1557.[2]
The Saxonia International Balloon Fiesta is the third biggest hot-air balloon festival in Europe. Annually over 100,000 people visit the spectacle, which takes place in Leipzig (Germany) at the end of July.
Chicos de Barrio is a Mexican musical group formed in 1995 in Torreon, Coahuila, Mexico. The group has 11 members, of which the percussion, harmony and swing are predominant. The group's music combines urban, hip hop, salsa, vallenato, reggae and other genres.

The following are the regional bird lists by continent.
Damnice is a municipality and village in Znojmo District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 400 inhabitants.
Ultramar is an Eastern Canadian gas and home fuel retailer, with its head office located in Montreal, Quebec. Ultramar operates gas stations and home fuel delivery in Ontario, Quebec, and Atlantic Canada.
A Weird Exits is the seventeenth studio album by American garage rock band Thee Oh Sees, released on August 12, 2016, on Castle Face Records.[1][2] It is the first studio album to feature drummers Ryan Moutinho and Dan Rincon, who joined the band in 2015 to tour in support of the band's previous album, Mutilator Defeated at Last.
Albert Wentworth Demaree (September 8, 1884 – April 30, 1962) was an American professional baseball pitcher, who played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the New York Giants, Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago Cubs, and Boston Braves, from 1912 to 1919.
Loiron (French pronunciation: ​[lwaʁɔ̃]) is a former commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Loiron-Ruillé.[2]
MexScript[1] is a multi-paradigm computer scripting language used in a number[vague] of game resource archive file handlers.[clarification needed] It was originally created for the 16-bit command-line tool multiex, and later 32-bit versions of MultiEx Commander. It is a script that enables the end user to have the interpreting program perform a number of tasks needed to access file contents, as well as to replace file contents. The MexScript has since become one of the standards to process game archives, as is indicated by the implementation of the script (also referred to as multiex, MexCom3, BMS) in similar programs, such as Dragon UNpack,[2] Game Extractor,[3] FusePAK,[4] and the more recent dialect QuickBMS.[5]
Princess Elizabeth Grigorievna Temkina (Russian: Елизаве́та Григо́рьевна Тёмкина, romanized: Elizaveta Grigoryevna Temkina; 24 July [O.S. 13 July] 1775 – 6 June [O.S. 25 May] 1854) was the alleged daughter of Catherine the Great and Grigory Potemkin.
Nikitinka (Russian: Никитинка) is a rural locality (a village) in Sukkulovsky Selsoviet, Yermekeyevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 6 as of 2010.[2] There is 1 street.
Vladislav Ivanovich Kirpichev (Russian: Владислав Иванович Кирпичёв; born 4 September 1948) is an architect, a co-founder of EDAS - Experimental Children Architectural Studio, laureate of the UNESCO prize, laureate of the State Prize of the Russian Federation, Professor of architecture. He has taught at FH Frankfurt/Main, Bartlett School of Architecture (UCL) and Greenwich University School of Architecture in London, was a guest Professor Staedelschule Frankfurt, Centre for Arts and Technology (ZKM) in Karlsruhe, Aarhus School of Architecture, in Vienna (class of Professor Wolf  D. Prix).
The Berlin Decree was issued in Berlin by Napoleon on November 21, 1806,[1] after the French success against Prussia at the Battle of Jena, which led to the Fall of Berlin. The decree was issued in response to the British Order-in-Council of 16 May 1806 by which the Royal Navy instituted a blockade of all ports from Brest to the Elbe.[2]
Telepen the a name of a barcode symbology designed to express all 128 ASCII characters without using shift characters for code switching, and using only two different widths for bars and spaces.[1] (Unlike Code 128, which uses shifts and four different element widths.)[2] The symbology was devised by George Sims of SB Electronic Systems Ltd.[3][4] Telepen was originally designed in the UK in 1972.
59°31.4′N 18°52.4′E﻿ / ﻿59.5233°N 18.8733°E﻿ / 59.5233; 18.8733
Marion Loeffler (Marion Löffler) FRHistS is a Reader in Welsh History at Cardiff University. She is an expert on Wales in British, European and Empire contexts in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.

Shelley Elizabeth Eaton (born 11 January 1965) is an Australian politician. She was a Labor Party member of the Western Australian Legislative Council from September 2008 until May 2009, representing the Mining and Pastoral Region.
Will You Marry Me and My Family is a 2010 Chinese urban comedy/drama television series directed by Sun Hao, starring Song Jia.  It premiered on CCTV-8 on April 3, 2010[1] and comprises 25 episodes.
Morassa (Persian: مرصع, also Romanized as Moraşşa‘; also known as Murāseh and Muraza)[1] is a village in Bughda Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 623, in 126 families.[2]
Margit Åsberg-Albrechtsson (February 2, 1918 in Selånger – April 6, 1994)[1]  was a Swedish cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. She finished eighth in the 10 km event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo.[2]
Four Nights with the Duke is a historical romance novel written by Eloisa James.  It was published on March 31, 2015 by Avon and debuted on the New York Times bestseller list at number 6.
Luna River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
Cabo Caribe is a barrio in the municipality of Vega Baja, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 3,989.[3][4][5]
Kodal Church (Norwegian: Kodal kirke) is a long church (Norwegian: langkirke) located in Kodal in the municipality of Sandefjord in Vestfold og Telemark county, Norway. The church is the parish church for Kodal.
Shabanluy-e Sofla (Persian: شعبان لوي سفلي, also Romanized as Sha‘bānlūy-e Soflá; also known as Sha‘bānlū)[1] is a village in Rahal Rural District, in the Central District of Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 390, in 82 families.[2]
The yeoman rate is one of the oldest rates in the U.S. Navy, dating back to 1794. Historically, the Navy yeomen were responsible for keeping the storerooms for the ship's gunners, carpenters and boatswains. With the transition from sail to steam, yeomen were assigned to the ship's engineers. In the modern Navy, a yeoman is an enlisted service member who performs administrative and clerical work.
Dubac (Serbian Cyrillic: Дубац) is a small village in the municipality of Pljevlja, Montenegro.
The Rohrwald is a forest complex in the Weinviertel area of Lower Austria. With a total area of approx. 24 sq km (9 sq mi), it represents the third largest closed forest complex in the district of Korneuburg after the Tulln Basin-Danube floodplains and the Ernstbrunn Forest.
Alabalık is a village in the Artvin District, Artvin Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 136 (2021).[2]
Alexandru C. "Alecu" Constantinescu (4 September 1859 – 18 November 1926) was a Romanian politician.
 Sparta Brodnica  is a Polish football club playing currently in IV Liga. Founded in 1913 as Gymnasial Fussbal Club, it is based in Brodnica and plays at the Brodnica OSiR Stadium. The club was most successful in the nineties.[1]
Daniel Vincent Tillo (born June 13, 1996) is an American professional baseball pitcher who is a free agent. He was drafted by the Kansas City Royals in the 3rd round of the 2017 Major League Baseball draft.
Park Place Hotel is a historic hotel in Traverse City, Michigan. Completed in 1930 by Benjamin H. Marshall, the 10-story building rises to a height of 125 feet (38 m) and is the tallest structure in the city.
An honesty bar is an unattended beverage bar, typically in the lobby or lounge of a hotel, where payment is left to the guest. Honesty bars differ significantly from in-room mini-bars, where any consumption is automatically charged to the guest's account.
Paris Bible (Latin: Biblia Parisiensia[1]) is a term widely used to describe a Latin Vulgate codex copied in the 13th century. These bibles signalled a significant change in the organization and structure of medieval bibles and were the template upon which the structure of the modern bible is based.
HYDAC is a German company group that specializes in the production and distribution of components and systems as well as services related to hydraulics and fluidics. Hydac is constituted of 15 legal entities,[2] all of which are GmbHs, companies with limited liabilities. CEOs for these companies are Alexander Dieter, Wolfgang Haering and Hartmut Herzog.[3] Subsidiaries exist in more than 10 countries.[4] In 2011, the company had approximately 5,500 employees.[5]
The Jacksonville Bullies were a professional indoor lacrosse team based in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S. Following a dispute with their original league, they played part of the 2012 season in the Professional Lacrosse League before canceling the remainder of their games. They played their home games at the Jacksonville Veterans Memorial Arena.
Princess Baba Jigida is a Sierra Leonean politician. She is a member of the Sierra Leone People's Party (SLPP).[1] She is also a member of the Pan-African Parliament[2] as well as a member of the Parliament of Sierra Leone from the Western Area Rural District outside of Freetown.
DCB (Digital Control Bus, Digital Connection Bus[1] or Digital Communication Bus[2][3] in some sources) was a proprietary data interchange interface by Roland Corporation, developed in 1981[3] and introduced in 1982 in their Roland Juno-60 and Roland Jupiter-8 products.[3]  DCB functions were basically the same as MIDI, but unlike MIDI (which is capable of transmitting a wide array of information), DCB could provide note on/off, program change and VCF/VCA control only. DCB-to-MIDI adapters were produced for a number of early Roland products. The DCB interface was made in 2 variants, the earlier one used 20-pin sockets and cables, later switching to the 14-pin Amphenol DDK connector vaguely resembling a parallel port.
The Alor–Pantar languages are a family of clearly related Papuan languages spoken on islands of the Alor archipelago near Timor in southern Indonesia. They may be most closely related to the Papuan languages of eastern Timor, but this is not yet clear. A more distant relationship with the Trans–New Guinea languages of the Bomberai peninsula of Western New Guinea has been proposed based on pronominal evidence, but though often cited has never been firmly established.
Marz (Persian: مرز; also known as Ramz)[1] is a village in Geshmiran Rural District, in the Central District of Manujan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 247, in 50 families.[2]
Zhang Tao (Chinese: 张涛; born 1963) is a Chinese chemist.
The Pine Ridge School Building is a historic school building in rural Izard County, Arkansas.  It is a single-story fieldstone structure, located on the south side of Pine Ridge Road (County Road 32) about 0.5 miles (0.80 km) west of Brockwell.  It was built c. 1920, fashioned out of uncoursed native sandstone with grapevine mortar joints. A central gable-roofed entrance portico extends from the center of the building's north facade.  It is a fine local example of an early 20th-century one-room school building.[2]
Archbishop Mar Jacques Ishaq (25 February 1938 – 22 June 2023) was an Iraqi Chaldean Catholic hierarch who served as Curial Bishop of the Patriarchate of Babylon. He served as locum tenens of the Patriarch of Babylon of the Chaldeans between the retirement of Emmanuel III Delly in December 2012 and the election of Louis Raphaël I Sako in January 2013.
The Working Commission to Investigate the Use of Psychiatry for Political Purposes (Russian: Рабо́чая коми́ссия по рассле́дованию испо́льзования психиатри́и в полити́ческих це́лях) was an offshoot of the Moscow Helsinki Group[1][2] and a key source of information on psychiatric repression in the Soviet Union.[3]
The Amstrad CPC character set (alternatively known as the BASIC graphics character set)[1] is the character set used in the Amstrad CPC series of 8-bit personal computers when running BASIC (the default mode, until it boots into CP/M). This character set existed in the built-in "lower" ROM chip. It is based on ASCII-1967, with the exception of character 0x5E which is the up arrow instead of the circumflex, as it is in ASCII-1963, a feature shared with other character sets of the time.[2][3] Apart from the standard printable ASCII range (0x20-0x7e), it is completely different from the Amstrad CP/M Plus character set. The BASIC character set had symbols of particular use in games and home computing, while the CP/M Plus character reflected the International and Business flavor of the CP/M Plus environment.[4] This character set is represented in Unicode (excluding 0xEF, 0xFC, and 0xFD)[5] as of the March 2020 release of Unicode 13.0, which added symbols for legacy computing.
Polish folk dances are a tradition rooted in ten centuries of Polish culture and history. Many of the dances stem from regional customs and historical events and are distinct from Czech, Slovak and Germanic styles. National dances include formal ballroom or ballet elements. Nowadays, the dances are only performed during major events, holidays or in tourist-oriented public spaces.
GreenCE is an online platform that educates architects, engineers, interior designers, and contractors. The organization is a US Green Building Council (USGBC) Education Partner.[1] The USGBC developed the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) system, the world's most utilized green building rating system.[2] GreenCE is also an American Institute of Architects (AIA) Education Provider. It develops and delivers continuing education via online courses, webinars, and live classroom events. GreenCE is a partner with the Health Product Declaration Collaborative and is one of seven companies in the world to help develop third party verification tools for the building product declaration.[3]  GreenCE is based in San Antonio, Texas, and has an office in Portland, Oregon, dedicated to LEED certification education.
Livera (Greek: Λιβερά) is a village and a community of the Kozani municipality.[2] Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Dimitrios Ypsilantis, of which it was a municipal district.[2] The 2011 census recorded 29 inhabitants in the community.[1] The community of Livera covers an area of 21.978 km2.[3]
Schackendorf is a municipality in the district of Segeberg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.
Jalmari Verneri Sauli (born Hjalmar Verner Saxelin; 17 August 1889 – 22 April 1957) was a Finnish writer and track and field athlete who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics.
The High Court of the Cook Islands is the court of first instance in the Cook Islands. It has general jurisdiction and responsibility under the Constitution of the Cook Islands for the administration of justice in the Cook Islands.[1] The Court is established by part IV of the Constitution of the Cook Islands.[2]
NGC 85 is an interacting spiral or lenticular galaxy estimated to be about 200 million light-years away in the constellation of Andromeda. It was discovered by Ralph Copeland in 1873 and its apparent magnitude is 15.7.[4] The galaxy appears to be interacting with the companion spiral IC 1546.
Ricardo Pando Córdova (born 7 February 1964) is a Peruvian Fujimorist politician and dentist. He is a former Congressman representing Junín for the 2006–2011 term.[1] Pando lost his seat in the 2011 elections when he ran for re-election under the Force 2011 party of the former president's daughter, Keiko.[2]
David E. Adkins is an American businessman, pastor, and former politician who served as a member of the New Mexico House of Representatives from the 29th district. Elected in November 2014, he assumed office in January 2015 and left office on December 31, 2018.[1]
Bridgette Anne Barry (March 1, 1957 – January 20, 2021)[1] was an American biophysicist and biochemist. She was a professor and researcher of molecular biophysics and biochemistry in the Georgia Tech Chemistry and Biochemistry department from 2003 until her death. Her research focused on protein electron and oxygen evolution mechanisms.
New Market Township is one of the seventeen townships of Highland County, Ohio, United States. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,888.[3]
The 2019 Knoxville Challenger was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the sixteenth edition of the tournament which was part of the 2019 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Knoxville, United States between 4 and 10 November 2019.
Cividate Camuno (Camunian: Hiidà)  is an Italian comune of 2,774 inhabitants (2011),[2] in Val Camonica, province of Brescia, in Lombardy.
The Heaven Makers (1968) is a science fiction novel  by American writer Frank Herbert. It was originally serialized in Amazing Stories magazine in 1967.
Dr. Oscar Kashala Lukumuena (born August 4, 1954) is a politician in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and was a candidate in the 2006 presidential election. 

This is the list of women who have served as speakers and leaders of federal, state and territorial legislatures in the United States.
Edward L. Kweller (January 27, 1915 – April 1, 2003) was an American professional basketball player.[1][2] He played college basketball for Duquesne University.[1] Kweller then played in the National Basketball League for two years for the Pittsburgh Pirates and averaged 2.6 points per game.[2] In the 1938–39 season, he also played in the American Basketball League for the Washington Heurichs.[1] Kweller later sold furniture for a living and moved to California to retire.[1]
Fast & Furious 6: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to Fast & Furious 6, released digitally to iTunes on May 17, 2013, and on CD on May 21, 2013 by Def Jam Recordings.[1] It mainly features electronic and hip hop tracks.[2]
Dovrat Van Ouwerkerk (née Bendel) is an Israeli football striker currently playing in the Israeli First League for F.C. Kiryat Gat. She played the European Cup with Maccabi Holon[1] and she has been a member of the Israeli national team; she made her debut in the 2003 World Cup qualifying against Romania.[2]
Mumford is an unincorporated community in Robertson County, Texas, United States. It is part of the Bryan-College Station metropolitan area.  Its elevation is 259 feet (79 m), and it is located at 30°44′4″N 96°33′54″W﻿ / ﻿30.73444°N 96.56500°W﻿ / 30.73444; -96.56500 (30.7343621, -96.5649690).[1]  Mumford is unincorporated and has no post office, with the ZIP code of 77867;[2] the ZCTA for ZIP Code 77867 had a population of 176 at the 2000 census.[3]

53°31′23″N 2°59′06″W﻿ / ﻿53.523°N 2.985°W﻿ / 53.523; -2.985
The House at 12–16 Corey Road in Brookline, Massachusetts is a distinctive local example of townhouses in an English Revival style with Shingle elements.  The townhouses were designed by Arthur H. Bowdith, a prominent local architect, and built in 1896 for Alan Arthur and Gardiner Shaw, two real estate agents.  The townhouses have steeply-pitched shingled gables, projecting diamond-pane windows, and bracketed bargeboard trim.[2]
Aliuşağı is a village in the District of Şereflikoçhisar, Ankara Province, Turkey.[1]
Central and Eastern Europe is a geopolitical term encompassing the countries in the Baltics, Central Europe, Eastern Europe and Southeast Europe (mostly the Balkans), usually meaning former communist states from the Eastern Bloc and Warsaw Pact in Europe, as well as from former Yugoslavia. Scholarly literature often uses the abbreviations CEE or CEEC for this term.[1][2][3] The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) also uses the term "Central and Eastern European Countries (CEECs)" for a group comprising some of these countries. This term is sometimes used for "Eastern Europe" instead for more neutral grouping.[4][5][6][7][8]
Mohammed Al-Kharashi is a Saudi Arabian football manager.
Thandi Memela (8 January 1939 – 7 January 2021) was a South African politician from KwaZulu-Natal. A member of South Africa's African National Congress (ANC), she served as a Member of the National Assembly of South Africa from 2009 until 2019.[1] She was also the inaugural Deputy President of the ANC Veterans' League between 2009 and 2017.[2][3]
Mysłowice [mɨswɔˈvʲit͡sɛ] (German: Myslowitz; Silesian: Myslowicy) is a city in Silesia in Poland, bordering Katowice. The population of the city as of 2022[update] is 72,124.[1]
Amos Bullocks (February 7, 1939) was a former American football running back in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys and Pittsburgh Steelers. He played college football at Southern Illinois University.
KwaZulu-Natal coastal lowland forest is a subtropical forest type that was once found almost continuously along the low-lying coastal areas of KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It still exists in protected areas, but much has been cleared for sugar-cane plantations and housing developments.
Gap Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of South Dakota.[1]

Sherif R. Zaki (November 24, 1955 – November 21, 2021) was an American pathologist. He was the chief of the Centers for Disease Control infectious diseases pathology branch.[1][2]  Sometimes called a "disease detective", his career included research on Ebola outbreaks, Zika virus outbreaks, the 2001 anthrax attacks, Nipah virus, leptospirosis and COVID-19.[3][4]
Dorothy Nan Kostrzewa (née Chung; August 17, 1928 – January 11, 2013) was a Canadian politician. She is the first Chinese-Canadian woman to hold political office in Canada when she was elected to Chilliwack City Council in 1970. She served on city council for 33 years making her the longest serving city councillor in British Columbia.[1]

The knockout stage of the 1995 FIFA Women's World Cup was the second and final stage of the competition, following the group stage. It began on 13 June with the quarter-finals and ended on 18 June 1995 with the final match, held at the Råsunda Stadium in Solna. A total of eight teams (the top two teams from each group, along with the two best third-placed teams) advanced to the knockout stage to compete in a single-elimination style tournament.[1]
Mulungu, Paraíba is a municipality in the state of Paraíba in the Northeast Region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Vincent Edward Gambella (July 28, 1932 – October 3, 2019),[1] known as Vinnie Bell, was an American session guitarist, instrument designer and pioneer of electronic effects in pop music.[2][3]
François-Urbain Domergue (French pronunciation: ​[fʁɑ̃swa yʁbɛ̃ dɔmɛʁɡ]; 24 March 1745 – 29 May 1810) was a French grammarian and journalist known for his Jacobin ideals.
Beauty World Market was an open-air market that was opened in July 1947 in Singapore. It was located at the junction of Upper Bukit Timah Road and Jalan Jurong Kechil. Just next to it was Beauty World Town, another shopping place was opened in 1962. It was located at the junction of Upper Bukit Timah Road and Chun Tin Road.[1] Both shopping areas were completely demolished by 1984 due to frequent fire outbreaks.[2][3] The original site of the market had since been occupied by two Parking lots and Beauty World MRT Station.


The story of Nal and Damayanti from the Mahabharata is a very popular and frequently told story. It has been interpreted in many languages which also includes Persian and Braj. This page describes the interpretations of the story conducted by Todar Mal, the Hindu finance minister of Mughal emperor Akbar and Abu al-Faiz, Akbar's poet laureate.
Omruzak Omarkuliev (born 1994) is a citizen of Turkmenistan and civic activist who was sentenced to 20 years "deprivation of liberty."[1] Omarkuliev's current status is not known as he has been allowed no visitors and the Turkmen authorities will not release his location.[1]
Vyšná Hutka (Hungarian: Felsőhutka) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
The Rybenka (Russian: Рыбенка or Рыбинка - Rybinka) is a small river in the north-east of Moscow.  Rybenka is a right tributary to river Yauza. The length of the river is about 5 km (most of which, put in the pipe underneath the city). The area of the river basin is 3.5  square kilometers.  Rybenka runs through the western border of Sokolniki Urban Forest Park, across the Sokol'necheski Val, 2nd, 3rd Rybinskaya and Rusakovskiya streets into the river Yauza near The Elektrozavodsky (Electro-factory) bridge. In the mouth of the river and in an area of 3rd Rybinskaya street in the past has been a series of ponds, once rich with fish (hence its name). Now the river runs primarily in the pipes underneath the city. The river history was preserved in the names of two streets in Sokolniki District of Moscow (near Sokolnicheskiy Val street) - 2nd and 3rd Rybinskaya streets.
Tekke is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Nallıhan, Ankara Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 55 (2022).[2]
R. Thomas "Tom" Herman is a former columnist for The Wall Street Journal.[1]
The following are the 80 municipalities of the canton of Thurgau, as of 2009.[1]
Ken is a masculine given name of Scottish / Scottish Gaelic origin. It is used either as a given name or as a short form of names with the letters "Ken" (like Kenneth, Kenan, Kendrick, Kendall, Kennedy, Mackenzie, Kenson, or Kenelm). Ken is also a Japanese name which can have many different meanings depending on the kanji used.
Gaius Betitius Pius (c. 175 - after 223) was a Patronus of Canusium in 223.
The Greenville News is a daily morning newspaper published in Greenville, South Carolina.  After The State in Columbia and Charleston's The Post and Courier, it is the third largest paper in South Carolina.

David James Bowen (1925 – 3 August 2017)[1] was a Welsh scholar and expert on the work of Welsh poets of the nobility.
Terfenadine is an antihistamine formerly used for the treatment of allergic conditions. It was brought to market by Hoechst Marion Roussel (now Sanofi) and was marketed under various brand names, including Seldane in the United States, Triludan in the United Kingdom, and Teldane in Australia.[1] It was superseded by fexofenadine in the 1990s due to the risk of a particular type of disruption of the electrical rhythms of the heart (specifically cardiac arrhythmia caused by QT interval prolongation) and has been withdrawn from markets worldwide.[2]: 53 
Qinghaihu railway station is a railway station on the Qingzang railway. It serves Qinghaihu Township in Haiyan County, Qinghai, and is located 133 km from Xining railway station.
Owela, also referred to by the Khoekhoe language loanword hus,[a] is the Oshiwambo name of a traditional mancala board game played by the Nama people, Herero people, Rukwangali speakers, and other ethnic groups from Namibia (and its Southern African neighbours). It is related to the Omweso family of mancala games played in Eastern and Southern Africa. Although this is an abstract strategy game, the consequences of individual moves are so hard to predict that it can be considered, to some extent, a game of chance.
Grabno [ˈɡrabnɔ] (German Wintershagen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ustka, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south-east of Ustka, 13 km (8 mi) north-west of Słupsk, and 114 km (71 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Zamalek water polo team (Arabic: نادي الزمالك الرياضي), commonly known as Zamalek S.C, often referred to as Zamalek Pool Club is one of Zamalek SC club's sections that represent the club in Egypt and international water polo competitions, the club team section based in Giza
Ports of Lima is Jakarta-based indie band Sore's second full-length album.
Terminator 2[1] (Chinese: 终结者二; pinyin: Zhōngjié zhě èr; Super Design Ending-Man BS-500 AS) is a video game console sold throughout countries of the former Eastern Bloc,[a] Italy (as Top Console), Greece, Spain, Finland,[3] Iran, Iraq, Algeria, Malaysia, South Korea (as K-007 and Batman/Family Computer II), Kenya, India and Pakistan. It is a hardware clone of the Nintendo Famicom.
Stanley H. Durwood (August 5, 1920 – July 14, 1999) was a businessman and philanthropist born in Kansas City to Edward D. and Celia T. Durwood.[1] He is known for building the first multiplex movie theater in the 1960s.
Margaret Macadam (1902–1991) was a British illustrator active in the 1920s and 1930s. In 1925 she won a scholarship to the Royal Academy Schools[1] where a fellow student and future sister-in-law was Amy Elton.[2] Among her commercial works are several dust wrapper designs for London-based publishers, most important among which is the design for the dust wrapper for the first edition of Agatha Christie's first straight novel Giant's Bread. Following the discovery of an archive of Macadam's work in 2016[3] it was possible to connect her work on Giant's Bread to other known designs. The original artwork for Giant's Bread was sold for £550 in 2016.[4] She is also known to have designed wallpaper, and greetings cards for Medici, London. Other work is known, such as 1933. [5] In May 1936 she married Francis Beart, already well-known as a racing motor cyclist and motor cycle tuner, and later also for tuning Formula Three racing cars.[6] During World War II she trained as a nurse in the Voluntary Aid Detachment (VAD) while her husband worked as an engineer for the Bristol Aeroplane Company.[7]
There are multiple factors which contribute to gender equality in Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire). The history of the Ivory Coast still influences gender inequality in the country.[1] A large factor which also pushes the nation back to be a strong economic player is the lack of education especially for women.[2] It starts from primary education up to higher level education where girls are obviously disadvantaged compared to boys.[3] Arranged marriages for girls who are often under the age of 18 and lack of knowledge about laws and their rights also promote gender inequality.[4][5]

Sir William Sambach (c. l601-1653) was an English-born lawyer and politician of the seventeenth century who spent much of his career in Ireland, but was driven back to England by the political turmoil of the 1640s, and died there.
The Pro-Am Sports System (better known as PASS Sports or simply PASS) was an American regional sports network that operated from 1984 to 1997. It also served as an affiliate of the Prime Network from 1988 to 1996. Based in Detroit, Michigan, the channel broadcast regional coverage of sports events throughout Michigan, mainly covering professional, collegiate and high school sports in the Metro Detroit area and throughout Michigan. After it lost coverage rights to all major Detroit teams to the new Fox Sports Detroit, it was permanently shut down in 1997.
Water supply and sanitation in Turkey is characterized by achievements and challenges. Over the past decades access to drinking water has become almost universal and access to adequate sanitation has also increased substantially. Autonomous utilities have been created in the 16 metropolitan cities of Turkey and cost recovery has been increased, thus providing the basis for the sustainability of service provision. Intermittent supply, which was common in many cities, has become less frequent. In 2004, 61% of the wastewater collected through sewers was being treated. In 2020 77% of water was used by agriculture, 10% by households and the rest by  industry.[3]
George Placzek (German: Georg Placzek; September 26, 1905 – October 9, 1955) was a Moravian physicist.[1]
Arfan Qadeer Bhatti (born 9 August 1977) is a Norwegian Islamist and a leading figure in the Islamic State-affiliated group Profetens Ummah.
Elk City is a census-designated place in Idaho County, Idaho, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 170.[2][3]
High Bridge is a former hamlet located in the town of Manlius, New York in Onondaga County, just east of the city of Syracuse. High Bridge was founded around 1833 but was defunct less than a century later.
Swim bladder disease, also called swim bladder disorder or flipover, is a common ailment in aquarium fish. The swim bladder is an internal gas-filled organ that contributes to the ability of a fish to control its buoyancy, and thus to stay at the current water depth without having to waste energy in swimming.[1] A fish with swim bladder disorder can float nose down tail up, or can float to the top or sink to the bottom of the aquarium.[2]
The Nikon D5300 is an F-mount DSLR with a  carbon-fiber-reinforced polymer body[2] and other new technologies,[3][4] announced by Nikon on October 17, 2013.[5] It is a mid-range camera with a crop sensor[6] and requires a minimum camera 8.3 raw plugin for Photoshop to process its .NEF files.[7]
Vester Åby is a town located on the island of Funen in south Denmark, in Faaborg-Midtfyn Municipality. It is located 16 km west of Svendborg, 9 km south of Corinth, 10 km east of Faaborg and 24 km southwest of the municipality of Ringe.
Orlovo Lake is an artificial lake in Petrovo, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located on Mount Ozren.
The Ukrainian Basketball SuperLeague (USL) (Ukrainian: Українська баскетбольна суперліга) is the first-tier level of professional basketball league in Ukraine. Established in 1992, the league is currently contested by 10 clubs. It is a tier above the Ukrainian Higher League and allows for one team from the Higher League each season to be promoted.
Yelena Biserova (born 24 March 1962) is a Russian female former track and field hurdler who competed for the Soviet Union in the 100 metres hurdles. She represented her country at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics and the 1982 European Athletics Indoor Championships, finishing sixth at the global event.[1][2] She was the silver medallist in the sprint hurdles at the 1983 Universiade, behind her compatriot Natalya Petrova.[3]
Lubino [luˈbinɔ] (German: Christophshagen)[1] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[2]
A wiper seal is an axial seal that creates a seal while allowing a reciprocating shaft to pass through the seal's inner bore.  Wiper seals are often used for fluid containment and to prevent dirt from entering a reciprocating shaft mechanism.[1]
Hemmatabad (Persian: همت اباد, also Romanized as Hemmatābād; also known as Khvājeh)[1] is a village in Petergan Rural District, Central District, Zirkuh County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 220, in 58 families.[2]
Forgotten New York is a website created by Kevin Walsh in 1999, chronicling the unnoticed and unchronicled aspects of New York City such as painted building ads, decades-old castiron lampposts, 18th-century houses, abandoned subway stations, trolley track remnants, out-of-the-way neighborhoods, and flashes of nature hidden in the midst of the big city.[1] In 2003, HarperCollins approached Walsh with the idea of turning the website into a book; Forgotten New York was published in September 2006.
Juan Gardeazábal Garay (27 November 1923 – 21 December 1969) was a Spanish referee.[1]
Play Ball (Japanese: プレイボール, Hepburn: Purei Bōru) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Akio Chiba. It was serialized in Shueisha's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from 1973 to 1978, with its chapters collected in twenty-two tankōbon volumes.
The Tambach Museum is a museum located in Tambach, Kenya.[1] It is located in the former District Commissioner's residence.
Lt. Gen. Sein Win (Burmese: စိန်ဝင်း, pronounced [sèiɴ wɪ́ɴ]) is a Burmese politician and lieutenant general in the Myanmar Armed Forces who served as the Minister of Defence of Myanmar from 24 August 2015[1] to 1 February 2021.
Alligator Creek is a 48.6-mile-long (78.2 km)[2] tributary of the Little Ocmulgee River in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Zuncich Hill (75°50′S 142°51′W﻿ / ﻿75.833°S 142.850°W﻿ / -75.833; -142.850) is a broad, ice-covered hill (1,075 m) rising between the heads of Siemiatkowski Glacier and El-Sayed Glacier in Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photos between 1959 and 1965, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Lieutenant Joseph L. Zuncich, U.S. Navy Reserve, an LC-130F Hercules aircraft navigator during Operation Deep Freeze 1968.
Little Secret is the third studio album by Canadian singer Nikki Yanofsky. It was released on October 7, 2014.  The album charted at number 13 on Billboard's Top Jazz Albums chart, and the single "Necessary Evil" reached number 52 on the Canadian Hot 100.[1]
The 2014–15 season was Edinburgh Rugby's fourteenth season competing in the Pro12.
NGC 1792 is a spiral galaxy located in the southern Columba constellation. It was discovered by Scottish astronomer James Dunlop on October 4, 1826. This galaxy is located at a distance of about 36.4 million light-years and is receding from the Milky Way with a heliocentric radial velocity of 1,208 km/s.[3] NGC 1792 is a member of the NGC 1808 cluster of galaxies.[4]
Anis Shorrosh (Arabic: أنيس شروش; January 6, 1933, Nazareth, Palestine – May 13, 2018, Mobile, Alabama[1][2]) was a Palestinian Evangelical Christian, who published many books and debated with Ahmad Deedat.[3] Shorrosh was the translator of The True Furqan, which he said was intended to challenge the Quran. Shorrosh translated the book to English from Arabic.

Thomas Lopham (died 1416), of Little Carlton, Cambridgeshire, was an English politician.
Bettys Hope is a settlement on the island of Saint Croix in the United States Virgin Islands.
Abraham Yehudah Khein (1878 in Chernigov – 5 October 1957) was a Hasidic Rabbi in the Ukrainian town Nyezhin. Rabbi Khein was a pacifist anarchist. He belonged to the Hasidic Chabad tradition by family descent and spiritual training.
The 1991 French Figure Skating Championships (French: Championnat de France Elite) took place in Reims for singles and in Dijon for ice dance. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, women's singles, and ice dancing on the senior level. The event was used to help determine the French team to the 1991 World Championships and the 1991 European Championships.
Al-Sultana Khadeejah Sri Raadha Abaarana Mahaa Rehendhi (Dhivehi: އައްސުލްޠާނާ ޚަދީޖާ ސިރީ ރާދަ އަބާރަނަ މަހާރެހެންދި; died 1380) or more famously known as just Rehendhi Khadeejah (Dhivehi: ރެހެންދި ޚަދީޖާ) meaning, Queen Khadeejah, was the Sultana of the Maldives from 1347 to 1380. She was one of the few female rulers in the recorded history of Maldives.
Murilo de Souza Costa (born 31 October 1994), sometimes known as just Murilo, is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Portuguese club Gil Vicente F.C.
Matthew Miller (born December 11, 1982) is an American basketball player with a Rwandan passport who played for the Rwanda national basketball team at the 2007 and 2009 FIBA Africa Championship.[1]

Moro-bhatt Dandekar[a] was a Hindu pandit and apologist from Bombay, British India. In response to Christian missionary activities, he wrote the Marathi-language Hindu apologetic work Shri-hindu-dharma-sthapana (1831) and published the monthly magazine Upadesha-Chandrika (1844).

Carol Iannone is a conservative writer and literary critic. She first made her mark as a strong critic of feminism in articles such as "The Barbarism of Feminist Scholarship." She has published extensively in Commentary, National Review, First Things, Modern Age, The American Conservative, Academic Questions, and other conservative and neoconservative publications.
The Shire Highlands are a plateau in southern Malawi, located east of the Shire River. It is a major agricultural area and the most densely populated part of the country.
Sara Maria Evelina Nordenstam (born 28 February 1983 in Lycksele, Sweden) is a Norwegian swimmer. Nordenstam was born to Swedish parents and lived in Sweden until she was 10, before moving to Oslo. Since 2004 she has been a naturalised citizen of Norway.
The Lürssen effect, used in the design of high-speed boats, is a reduction in wave-making resistance provided by two small rudders mounted on each side of the main rudder and turned outboard. These rudders force the water under the hull outward, lifting the stern, thus reducing drag, and lowering the wake height, which "requires less energy, allowing the vessel to go faster".[1][2]  The effect was discovered by the German shipbuilding company Lürssen Werft based in Bremen-Vegesack. The Lürssen effect is best remembered for its use during the Second World War in the various classes of German Schnellboot, or fast torpedo attack boats.
The Das Pedras River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Una da Aldeia River.[1]
[2]
The former Collegio degli Scolopi is a large building in Florence, annexed to the church of San Giovanni degli Scolopi and located between via de 'Martelli, via dei Gori, Piazza San Lorenzo and Borgo San Lorenzo. Formerly the palace of the Martelli family (which gave the street its name), it was the seat of the Jesuit order, designed on a grand scale by Bartolomeo Ammannati, then housed the college of the Piarists and finally, after the suppression of the convents, it became a school. Today most of its rooms are occupied by the Galileo state classical high school, but in one part there is also the Ximenian observatory, with access from the rear Borgo San Lorenzo.
Eugène-Charles Caron (4 November 1834 – 1903) was a French operatic baritone. He was born in Rouen and after studying at the Paris Conservatory, made his stage debut in 1862 as Count di Luna in  Verdi's Le trouvère. He sang leading roles at the Paris Opera for 25 years, including the world premieres of operas by Auguste Mermet and Victorin de Joncières and an oratorio by Jules Massenet.
Jeffrey A. Masten (born June 10, 1964[citation needed]) is an American academic specializing in Renaissance English literature and culture and the history of sexuality.  He is the author and editor of numerous books and scholarly articles. Masten's book Queer Philologies was awarded the 2018 Elizabeth Dietz Prize for the best book in the field of early modern drama by the journal SEL: Studies in English Literature 1500–1900.[1] He was named a Guggenheim Fellow in English Literature for 2022.[2]
Šarbanovac  (Serbian Cyrillic: Шарбановац) is a village in the municipality of Bor, Serbia. According to the 2022 census, it has a population of 1,311 people.[1]
Sacred Sun (Mohongo) (1809–1836) was an Osage woman who lived on Osage land in what is now Missouri, US.[1] She took a journey all throughout Europe, and tales of her trip were recorded in French and American newspapers and pamphlets of that age. After returning to the United States, her portrait was painted and hung up for display in Washington D.C. to show off her skills and determination.
St. Ulrich's and St. Afra's Abbey, Augsburg (German: Kloster Sankt Ulrich und Afra Augsburg) is a former Benedictine abbey dedicated to Saint Ulrich and Saint Afra in the south of the old city in Augsburg, Bavaria.
Dao County (simplified Chinese: 道县; traditional Chinese: 道縣; pinyin: Dào Xiàn) is a county in Hunan Province, China, it is under the administration of Yongzhou prefecture-level City.
Nguyễn Phi Hoàng (born 27 March 2003) is a Vietnamese footballer who plays as a winger for V.League 1 club SHB Đà Nẵng.
Muradym (Russian: Мурадым; Bashkir: Мораҙым, Moraźım) is a rural locality (a village) in Mikhaylovsky Selsoviet, Aurgazinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 773 as of 2010.[2] There are 12 streets.
740 Boyz is a Dominican-American dance music group founded in 1991, by Winston Rosa a.k.a. Big Win from New York City.
Kuma is the Django-based platform that powers Mozilla Developer Network hosted on GitHub. It is open source software licensed under Mozilla Public License 2.0. The main function of the platform is to gather people around MDN, who can contribute to all the documentation stored and maintained as part of the project, including JavaScript API available in modern web browsers. It has advanced translation tools available as well.
St. Paul's Church is a historic Episcopal church located at 204 Genesee Street in Chittenango, Madison County, New York.  It's a three-by-four-bay, Gothic Revival–style structure built with board and batten siding.  It was built about 1865 and features a forest of tall pinnacles and decorative trim work on the front facade.[2]
Hajar Raissouni (Arabic: هاجر الريسوني; born 1991) is an independent Moroccan journalist.[1] In 2019, she was arrested and sentenced to a year in prison for allegedly having an illegal abortion and sex out of wedlock,[2] though she was later pardoned by King Mohammed VI.[3]
"Intercellular communication" refers to the varying ways and structures biological cells use to communicate with each other directly or through their environment. Not all cells use all of the proteins or mechanisms and there are likely to be more yet to be discovered.[2] Components of each type of intercellular communication may be involved in more than one type of communication[2] making attempts at clearly separating the types of communication listed somewhat futile. The sections are loosely compiled from various areas of research rather than by a systematic attempt of classification by functional or structural characteristics.
Kaarlo Bergbom (2 October 1843, Viipuri – 17 January 1906) was a Finnish theatre director. He was the founder of the Finnish National Theatre, the first Finnish language theatre company. Though he wrote very little as a playwright, he was responsible for introducing a number of important Finnish dramatists, particularly Minna Canth, and Finnish translations of William Shakespeare and other foreign writers. Bergbom also founded the magazine Kirjallinen Kuukausilehti.
In chemistry, a polyselenide usually refers to anions of the formula (Sen)2-, where Se is the atomic symbol for the element selenium.  Many main group and transition metals form complexes with polyselenide anions.[1]
German submarine U-66 was a Type IXC U-boat of Nazi Germany's Kriegsmarine during World War II.[1] The submarine was laid down on 20 March 1940 at the AG Weser yard at Bremen, launched on 10 October and commissioned on 2 January 1941 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Richard Zapp as part of the 2nd U-boat Flotilla.[1]
Wallichs Music City was a record store[1] in Hollywood, California, USA, founded by Glenn E. Wallichs,[2] that also had stores in West Covina,[3][4] Lakewood,[5] Canoga Park, Costa Mesa, Torrance, Buena Park,[6] and Hawthorne[7] from 1940–1978 and was one of the first to display cellophane sealed albums in racks.[8] Wallichs stayed open until 2 a.m.[9]
Patrice Flynn (15 August 1874 – 13 October 1970), was Bishop of Nevers.
Bushi Moletsane (born 2 January 1984) is a Mosotho footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Lioli Teyateyaneng. Since 2003, he has won 53 caps and scored three goals for the Lesotho national football team.
Hidden mother photography is a genre of photography common in the Victorian era in which young children were photographed with their mother present but hidden in the photograph. It arose from the need to keep children still while the photograph was taken due to the long exposure times of early cameras.
The Tell-Tale Heart is a 2014 horror film directed by John La Tier, based on Edgar Allan Poe's 1843 short story of the same name.
Stare Dłutowo [ˈstarɛ dwuˈtɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lidzbark, within Działdowo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Lidzbark, 17 km (11 mi) west of Działdowo, and 76 km (47 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Voetbalvereniging De Valk is an association football club from Valkenswaard, Netherlands. De Valk plays in the 2017-18 Sunday Eerste Klasse (5th tier).
Federal Highway 145 (Carretera Federal 145) is a Federal Highway of Mexico.[2] The highway travels from La Tinaja, Veracruz in the north to Sayula, Veracruz in the south.
Michael "Mike" Lee (born June 11, 1983) is an American professional rodeo cowboy who specializes in bull riding. He was the 2004 Professional Bull Riders (PBR) PBR World Champion. He competed consistently in said organization from 2002 to 2017. However, he announced his retirement from the PBR in November 2017. He then competed in the Professional Rodeo Cowboys Association (PRCA), Championship Bull Riding (CBR), and Tuff Hedeman Bull Riding Tour (THBR) circuits, but later mainly rode in regional semi-professional bull riding organizations for the next five years. In the summer of 2022, he announced on his Instagram page his return to the PBR.
The Great Historic Galleries of England is a book describing the "most interesting"[1] paintings and miniatures in the galleries of England. It was edited by Ronald Gower, written anonymously by Frank Cundall,[2] and published by Sampson Low, Marston, Searle, and Rivington in London from 1880 to 1885 in five volumes.[3]
Brager is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Monterey High School, also known as Highland High School, Monterey Elementary School, Highland Elementary School, and Highland Center, is a historic school building located at Monterey, Highland County, Virginia. It was built in 1922, and is a one-story, hipped roof garnet sandstone structure in the Classical Revival-style. The three-bay facade consists of two side classroom wings with the central entry portico. It has a multiple hipped roof, symmetrical facade, and portico supported by Doric order columns.  The school closed in 1997, and subsequently housed the Highland Center.[3]
'Amrus ibn Yusuf al-Muwallad al-Laridi (Arabic: عمروس بن يوسف المولد, died 808/9 or 813/4) was a Muwallad (probably of Visigothic origin) general of the Emirate of Córdoba and governor of Zaragoza.
The National Asians High School Debate Championship, more popularly known as NAsHDC, is a debate tournament in the Philippines sponsored by the De La Salle University-Manila.  It is one of two national debate tournaments in the Philippines, the other being the Philippine Schools Debate Championship sponsored by the Ateneo de Manila University.
Motokaji Station (元加治駅, Motokaji-eki)  is a passenger railway station located in the city of Iruma, Saitama, Japan, operated by the private railway operator Seibu Railway.
Collegeville is a city neighborhood in the  North Birmingham community of Birmingham, Alabama. It is the location of Bethel Baptist Church, a National Historic Landmark.
Bunkyō (文京区, Bunkyō-ku) is a special ward in the Tokyo Metropolis in Japan. Situated in the middle of the ward area, Bunkyō is a residential and educational center. Beginning in the Meiji period, literati like Natsume Sōseki, as well as scholars and politicians have lived there. Bunkyō is home to the Tokyo Dome, Judo's Kōdōkan, and the University of Tokyo's Hongo Campus. Bunkyō has a sister-city relationship with Kaiserslautern in the Rhineland-Palatinate of Germany.[2]
The Zi River (资水) in Hunan, China, flows into the Yangtze River via Lake Dongting.[1]
Cotreumo Airport (Spanish: Aeropuerto Cotreumo, (ICAO: SCBN)) is an airstrip serving the Río Bueno commune in the Los Ríos Region of Chile. The airstrip is 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Río Bueno city.
Golleville (French pronunciation: ​[ɡɔlvil]) is a commune in the Manche department in north-western France.
The Golden Coast Conference (GCC) is a collegiate athletic conference in the United States in which its members compete in the National Collegiate Athletic Association National Collegiate (D-NC) division. The conference sponsors one sport, water polo, and was founded in 2013 fielding women's teams. A men's division was added for Fall 2016.
The Women's City Club of Washington, D.C. was established in 1919.[1][2] The founding president was Judge Mary O'Toole of the Municipal Court of Washington, D.C., who was the first woman municipal judge in the United States. [1][3] The club became a member of the Federation of Women's Clubs in 1920, and was the first local women's club with its own meeting house, based at 736 Jackson Place.[2][4][5]
Sideling Hill Tunnel is one of three original Pennsylvania Turnpike tunnels abandoned (this one in 1968) after two massive realignment projects. The others are nearby Rays Hill Tunnel, and farther west, the Laurel Hill Tunnel. It was less expensive to realign the Turnpike than to bore a second tube for four lane traffic. Sideling Hill Tunnel is 6,782 feet (2,067 m) long. 
Maccabi HaShikma Ramat Hen Football Club (Hebrew: מועדון כדורגל מכבי השקמה רמת חן) is an Israeli football club based in Ramat Gan. They are currently in Liga Gimel.
The Commercial Spaceflight Federation is a private spaceflight industry group, incorporated as an industry association for the purposes of establishing ever higher levels of safety for the commercial human spaceflight industry, sharing best practices and expertise, and promoting the growth of the industry worldwide.[2][3][4]  Issues that the Commercial Spaceflight Federation work on include, but are not limited to, airspace issues, FAA regulations and permits, industry safety standards, public outreach, and public advocacy for the commercial space sector.[5][6]
"Dirty Day" is a song by Irish alternative rock band U2. It is the penultimate track on their 1993 studio album Zooropa. The music was written by the band as a whole, while the lyrics were written by Bono and the Edge. The song, along with "Numb", marks the Edge's first lyrical contributions to a U2 song since "Van Dieman's Land" on 1988's Rattle and Hum and indicated his growing presence as a second lyricist in the band; he would go on to contribute lyrics to every track on the band's next album, Pop.
Margaret Allen (born 1948) is an American cardiothoracic surgeon and an academic at the Benaroya Research Institute. She was the first woman to perform a heart transplant and is a former president of the United Network for Organ Sharing.
The middle office is a team of employees working in a financial services institution. Financial services institutions can be divided into three sections: the front, the middle and the back office. The front office is composed of customer-facing employees such as sales personnel. The middle office is made up of the risk managers and the information technology managers who manage risk and maintain the information resources.[1] The back office is composed of the human resources department, office managers and customer care representatives who provide support, administrative and payment services. Generally, the back and middle office involves non-revenue generating operations related to risk management and ensuring proper execution of transactions.[2]
Pierre-Suzanne-Augustin Cochin (1823 in Paris – 1872), was a French politician and writer with an interest in social and economic issues.[1] He was associated with Charles de Montalembert and the liberal branch of the Catholic Church in France and was elected mayor of the tenth arrondissement in Paris in 1853. A staunch opponent of slavery and advocate for the Union cause during the American Civil War, he was knighted by Pope Pius IX in 1862 for (in the words of Catholic journalist Orestes Brownson) his "admirable work on the Abolition of Slavery."[2]  He was the father of the Catholic politician Denys Cochin and the grandfather of the historian Augustin Cochin.
The Nymph of Fontainebleau (French: Nymphe de Fontainebleau), also known as the Nymph of Anet (French: Nymphe d'Anet) or the Nymph with the Stag (French: Nymphe au cerf), is a c.‑1543 bronze relief (Paris, Louvre, MR 1706[1]), created by the Italian sculptor Benvenuto Cellini for the Château de Fontainebleau in France. It features a long-limbed reclining nude female nymph with a stag, wild boars, dogs, and other animals. It was Cellini's first large scale bronze casting.[2]
Erhard Riedrich (born March 19, 1942) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s. He finished sixth in the K-4 1000 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City.
He won the East German National k1-500 meters title in 1966. And the following year, he won in K2 over the same distance. 
Hohen Demzin is a municipality  in the Rostock district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Francis Roscarrock (fl. 1553–1554) was an English politician.
East of Eden is a 1981 American television miniseries based on John Steinbeck's 1952 novel of the same name. It aired in three parts on ABC from February 8–11, 1981. It was directed by Harvey Hart from a teleplay by Richard Shapiro, and starred Timothy Bottoms, Jane Seymour, Bruce Boxleitner, Soon Tek-Oh, Sam Bottoms, Hart Bochner, Karen Allen and Lloyd Bridges. It ran for roughly 382 minutes.[1]
The Abbott Papyrus serves as an important political document concerning the tomb robberies of the Twentieth Dynasty of Egypt during the New Kingdom. It also gives insight into the scandal between the two rivals Pawero and Paser of Thebes.
Alvaro Magelanes was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of San Leone (1565–1571).[1][2][3]
Reményi is a Hungarian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Qualcomm code-excited linear prediction (QCELP), also known as Qualcomm PureVoice, is a speech codec developed in 1994 by Qualcomm to increase the speech quality of the IS-96A codec earlier used in CDMA networks. It was later replaced with EVRC since it provides better speech quality with fewer bits. The two versions, QCELP8 and QCELP13, operate at 8 and 13 kilobits per second (Kbit/s) respectively.
The Plzeň tram network (Czech: Tramvajová doprava v Plzni) is a tram network serving Plzeň, the fourth most populous city in the Czech Republic. 
Ukrainian victory
Yang Xianzhen (simplified Chinese: 杨献珍; traditional Chinese: 楊獻珍; pinyin: Yáng Xiànzhēn) (July 24, 1896 – August 25, 1992) was a Chinese Communist politician who was the tenth president of the Party School of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, the highest training center for party workers and leaders. Yang served as its president from 1955 to 1961.[citation needed]
Prkačin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Sasaki and Peeps (佐々木とピーちゃん, Sasaki to Pii-chan) is a Japanese light novel series written by Buncololi and illustrated by Kantoku. The series originally began serialization as a web novel on the novel posting websites Kakuyomu and Shōsetsuka ni Narō in December 2018, before beginning publication under Media Factory's MF Bunko J imprint in January 2021; seven volumes have been released as of May 2023. A manga adaptation illustrated by Pureji Osho began serialization in Kadokawa Shoten's Shōnen Ace Plus online magazine in January 2021, and has been compiled into two tankōbon volumes as of June 2022. Both the light novel and manga are licensed in English by Yen Press. An anime television series adaptation has been announced.

The Department of Virginia and North Carolina was a United States Military department encompassing Union-occupied territory in the Confederate States during the Civil War.  In 1863 it was formed by the merging of two previously existing departments: the Department of Virginia and the Department of North Carolina.  In 1865 the two departments were once again separated.
The Badlees are an American roots rock band from Selinsgrove, Pennsylvania that formed in 1990. They released several independent albums and achieved national success with their 1995 album River Songs. In 1998, after recording a follow-up album, Polydor/Atlas was sold to the Seagram Corporation, which delayed the release of the album and eventually led to the Badlees being dropped from the roster. 
Pai (Thai: ปาย, pronounced [pāːj]) is the northeasternmost district (amphoe) of Mae Hong Son province, northern Thailand. The central town is Pai.
Alexander Andreevich Ushakov (Russian: Александр Андреевич Ушаков; born 18 July 1948) is a former Soviet biathlete. In his career, he won three gold medals, one silver and one bronze medal at the Biathlon World Championships.[2]
Reserve Military Training Units (RMTU) are a component of the reserve forces of North Korea.
The 1973 Liège–Bastogne–Liège was the 59th edition of the Liège–Bastogne–Liège cycle race and was held on 22 April 1973. The race started and finished in Liège. The race was won by Eddy Merckx of the Molteni team.
Mosmota is a village and municipality in San Luis Province in central Argentina.[1]
Lanzhou Zhongchuan International Airport (IATA: LHW, ICAO: ZLLL) is an airport serving Lanzhou, the capital of Gansu Province, China. It is located 71 kilometres (44 mi) northwest of downtown Lanzhou. It was opened in 1970[1] and serves as a major air hub for the province of Gansu and western China. There are eight gates served by aerobridges in the terminal. A new larger (61,000 m2) Terminal 2 is located to the South, adjacent to the existing terminal.[2] The new terminal adds nine aerobridges.
Gare  is a village situated in Gadžin Han municipality in Serbia.[1]
Ming is a transliteration of multiple Chinese given names. Notable people with these names include:
Hasselgren is a Swedish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Stylianos Farantakis (Greek: Στυλιανος Φαραντακης; born 25 May 1995) is a Greek former cyclist,[1][2] who rode competitively between 2012 and 2020 for amateur teams in the Netherlands and France.[3]
Akocak (Kurdish: Heleyîs) is a village in Yüksekova District in Hakkâri Province in Turkey.[2] The village is populated by Kurds of the Pinyanişî tribe and had a population of 623 in 2022.[1][3]
O Seyeong (Korean: 오세영, born 2 May 1942) is a South Korean poet, critic, educator, and professor at Seoul National University. He has been awarded the Korean Poets’ Association Prize, the Nokwon Literary Award, the Cheong Chi-Yong Literature Prize, the Pyun-Woon Literary Prize, the Gong Cho Literary Award, and the Manhae Literature Prize in Poetry.[1]
The Venetian grosso (plural grossi) is a silver coin first introduced in Venice in 1193 under doge Enrico Dandolo.  It originally weighed 2.18 grams, was composed of 98.5% pure silver, and was valued at 26 denarii.  Its name is from the same root as groschen and the English groat, all deriving ultimately from the denaro grosso ("large penny").
Clifford "Cliff" Solway (November 6, 1926 – August 3, 2009) was a Canadian producer and director for public affairs programming for 57 years on CBC Television.[1]
Leiv Amundsen (30 May 1898 – 25 June 1987) was a Norwegian librarian and philologist.
The Albanian national futsal team represents Albania in international futsal competitions and is controlled by the Albanian Football Association. The team debuted in the 2005 UEFA Futsal Championship qualifiers. They won the first match 8–6 against England, and then they drew to Cyprus, but failed to qualify because of goal difference. In the 2007 UEFA Futsal Championship qualifiers, Albania made a bad performance by losing all of its matches and finishing last in its group. In the 2008 FIFA Futsal World Cup qualifiers, Albania was drawn against Slovenia, Greece, and Malta. They ended up in second place winning two matches and losing only one. In the end, Slovenia topped the group and advanced to the two-legged play-offs.
Puposky is an unincorporated community in Durand Township, Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.[1] It lies at 47°41′N 94°55′W﻿ / ﻿47.68°N 94.91°W﻿ / 47.68; -94.91.
Chishma (Russian: Чишма; Bashkir: Шишмә, Şişmä) is a rural locality (a village) in Verkhneyanaktayevsky Selsoviet, Baltachevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 152 as of 2010.[2] There are  5 streets.
Nicole Ashley Nemitz (born May 15, 1988) was a volunteer assistant coach for the Michigan Wolverines softball team.  She was an All-American pitcher for the team, winning first-team NFCA/Louisville Slugger All-American honors in 2009.
Programmer's Broadcasting, Inc. (PBI) is a small radio broadcasting company based in Minot, North Dakota. The company's main offices and Minot stations, KWGO-FM and KTZU-FM studios are located at 624 31st Ave SW in Minot, North Dakota. KBTO-FM's studios are west of Bottineau on Highway 5.[1]
Goldkronach (East Franconian: Gronich) is a town in the district of Bayreuth, in Bavaria, Germany.[3] It is situated near the Fichtelgebirge, 12 km northeast of Bayreuth.
Thirteen Anniversaries is a composition for solo piano by Leonard Bernstein, published in 1988, commemorating 13 people who played an important role in his life.
Huarte or Uharte is a town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Manuel Eduardo Medina Mariño (born July 14, 1976 in Aragua de Barcelona, Anzoátegui) is a Venezuelan professional bicycle road racing cyclist and former Venezuelan national cycling champion.[1] He was nicknamed "El Gato" during his career.
Unantenna Pallegammedda is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within Central Province.
Institute of Economics (Ukrainian: Економічний інститут) is a tram stop of the Kryvyi Rih tramway network, and also the Kryvyi Rih Metro. The stop is originally part of the city's larger tram system, although it was incorporated into the metrotram route along with four other stations on 25 May 2012.[1] It is on the metrotram's route , running from Zarichna to Zbahachuvalna.
Little Sosva Nature Reserve (Russian: Малая Сосьва заповедник) (also Malaya Sosva) is a Russian 'zapovednik' (strict ecological reserve) covering the basin of the Malaya Sosva River, on the east side of the Northern Ural Mountains in the territory of the West Siberian Plain.   the Malaya Sosva is a right tributary of the North Sosva River, which flows into the Ob River on its way north to the Kara Sea.  Are area of forested wetlands, the reserve protects flat lowlands with a broken relief, a significant incision of river valleys, and a developed river system.  The reserve also protect cultural and architectural sites, including some related to the indigenous Khanty people.  The southern two-thirds of the reserve is in the Sovetsky district in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous District of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug; the northern sector is in the Beryozovsky District.  The reserve was created in 1976, and covers an area of 225,562 ha (870.90 sq mi).[1][2]
Oswulf was a medieval Bishop of Ramsbury.
Lovespirals is an American dream pop and electronica band from Southern California, featuring husband and wife, multi-instrumentalist/producer Ryan Lum and lyricist/vocalist Anji Bee.
The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 4 was an installment of the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)-produced reality television series The Ultimate Fighter. It was the eighth international series and the fourth to feature mainly Brazilian fighters.
Food and Bioprocess Technology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. The editor-in-chief is Da-Wen Sun (University College Dublin).[1]
Bingo, Boulgou is a town in the Zoaga Department of Boulgou Province in south-eastern Burkina Faso. As of 2005, the town has a population of 1,119.[1]
The church of Sant'Egidio in Borgo, ...a Borgo, or ...in Vaticano (Saint Giles in Borgo or at the Vatican), is a Roman Catholic oratory in Vatican City dedicated to Saint Giles.
Niky is a nickname and given name. Notable people with the name include:
USCGC Westwind (WAGB-281) was a Wind-class icebreaker that served in the United States Coast Guard as USCGC Westwind (WAG-281), the Soviet Navy as the Severni Polius, and again in the U.S. Coast Guard as USCGC Westwind (WAGB-281).
Yare Broads and Marshes is a 744.5-hectare (1,840-acre) biological Site of Special Scientific Interest east of Norwich in Norfolk, England.[1][2] Part of the site, is a Nature Conservation Review site, Grade I[3] and most of it is in the Mid-Yare National Nature Reserve.[4] It is part of the Broadland Ramsar site[5] and Special Protection Area,[6] and The Broads Special Area of Conservation.[7] Two ares are Royal Society for the Protection of Birds nature reserves, Strumpshaw Fen and Surlingham Church Marsh.[8][9]
Let's Do It is a studio album by American musician Roy Ayers. It was released in 1978 through Polydor Records. Recording sessions for the album took place at Sigma Sound Studios and Electric Lady Studios in New York City, and at Record Plant in Los Angeles. Production was handled by Ayers himself with co-production by William Allen. The album features contributions from Merry Clayton, Sylvia Cox and Debbie Burrell on vocals, Harry Whitaker, Armen Donelian and Philip Woo on piano, Greg Moore on guitar, Kerry Turman on bass, Bernard Purdie on drums, Chano O'Ferral on congas, Justo Almario on saxophone, and John Mosley on trumpet.
The Deutscher Historikertag (or, usually, just Historikertag; German Historians Conference) is one of the largest conventions of the humanities in Europe. It is organised by the German Association of Historians and the Association for History Teachers. The convention took place for the first time in 1893. The event is organised every second year in a German university town, and gathers c. 3000 historians mostly from the German-speaking countries. Speaker at the opening is usually a high-ranking German politician such as the President or the Chancellor of Germany.
The UBV photometric system (from Ultraviolet, Blue, Visual), also called the Johnson system (or Johnson-Morgan system), is a photometric system usually employed for classifying stars according to their colors. 
It was the first standardized  photometric system. The apparent magnitudes of stars in the system are often used to determine the color indices B−V and U−B, the difference between the B and V magnitudes and the U and B magnitudes respectively.[1]
The 2013 Gamba Osaka season saw Gamba Osaka compete in J. League Division 2 following their shock relegation the previous year.   As such they did not compete in the 2013 J. League Cup, but did participate in the 2013 Emperor's Cup in addition to their 2013 J. League Division 2 fixtures.   
Smečice (pronounced [ˈsmeːtʃitsɛ]) is a small settlement in the hills west of Krško in eastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola. It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Lower Sava Statistical Region.[2]
Eileif Kolsrud (8 February 1873 – 1953) was Norwegian educator and politician for the Labour Party.
Hasnain Ali Mirza (Urdu: حسنین مرزا) (born 29 May 1983), is a Pakistani lawyer and barrister who is elected as Member of the Provincial Assembly (MPA).[1][2][3][4] He is the son of Zulfiqar Mirza and federal minister Fahmida Mirza.[5][6] He is the grandson (through father) of lawyer and politician, (late) Zafar Hussain Mirza.
Goldie Sellers (January 9, 1942 – March 28, 2020) was an American football defensive back in the American Football League. Sellers played collegiately at Grambling State University under coach Eddie Robinson. As a professional, he played four seasons as a cornerback for the Denver Broncos (1966–1967) and the Kansas City Chiefs (1968–1969). Sellers was a member of the Chiefs' Super Bowl IV-winning squad. He died on March 28, 2020, from cancer.[2]
John Jay Kleiner (February 8, 1845 – April 8, 1911) was an American educator and politician who served two terms as a U.S. Representative from Indiana 1883 to 1887.
Willian Pereira da Rocha is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a defender for Tombense.
Donald Robert Yennie (1924-1993) was an American theoretical physicist and professor at Cornell University. He is known for his work on renormalization in Quantum electrodynamics and for early work on the structure of nucleons.[1]
Galerías Monterrey was the first shopping mall in Monterrey, Mexico. Founded in 1983 with Liverpool, it has grown to attract upscale fashion stores, restaurants, and movie theaters.
In Slavic Christianity, the trilingual heresy or Pilatian heresy[1][2] (less pejoratively trilingualism) is the idea that Biblical Hebrew, Greek, and Latin are the only valid liturgical languages or languages in which one may praise God. Trilingualism was rejected in the 850s by Saints Cyril and Methodius, Byzantine brothers and missionaries who introduced a Christian liturgy in the vernacular of their Slavic converts, a language now called Old Church Slavonic. 
Trial By Fire is a 2023 Indian Hindi-language crime drama television series written by Prashant Nair, Kevin Luperchio and directed by Prashant Nair and Randeep Jha. It stars Abhay Deol, Ashish Vidyarthi, Anupam Kher, Rajshri Deshpande, Rajesh Tailang,  Ratna Pathak, Shilpa Shukla, Shardul Bharadwaj and others.[2] The web series is based on the book Trial by Fire: The Tragic Tale of the Uphaar Fire Tragedy authored by Neelam Krishnamoorthy and Shekhar Krishnamoorthy.
The 1928 Tour of Flanders was held in 1928.
Rosaire Smith ((1914-01-09)9 January 1914 – (1999-04-06)6 April 1999[1]) was a Canadian male former weightlifter, who competed in the bantamweight class and represented Canada at international competitions. He won the bronze medal at the 1947 World Weightlifting Championships in the 59 kg category.[2] He also competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics.[3]

Tullymagough is a townland in County Tyrone, Northern Ireland. It is situated in the barony of Omagh East and the civil parish of Dromore and covers an area of 113 acres.[1]
Sphere of fire is the name given in Ptolemaic astronomy to the sphere intervening between, and separating, the Earth and the Moon.
iThemba LABS ( iThemba is Xhosa for Hope; LABS is an acronym for Laboratory for Accelerator Based Sciences ) is a scientific research center with plants at Faure near Cape Town and on the Wits Campus in Johannesburg. The organization has in the past been known as the National Accelerator Center, and specializes in the use of particle accelerators. The main research fields involve the production of medical radioisotopes for the treatment of cancer, material sciences, nuclear fission experiments, development of new accelerator technology and the real-time treatment of cancer patients through proton and neutron therapy. The mass spectrometry unit was opened by South Africa's Science and Technology Minister Naledi Pandor in 2014.[1] In 2018 a conference was held to mark ten years of a collaboration programme with CERN.[2]
Stage 2 of the Cambrian is the unnamed upper stage of the Terreneuvian Series. It lies atop the Fortunian and below Stage 3 of the Cambrian. It is commonly referred to as the Tommotian, after the Cambrian stratigraphy of Siberia.[2] Neither the upper nor lower boundary has yet been defined by the International Commission on Stratigraphy.[3] 
The preferred definitions for the lower boundary are the first appearance of the molluscs Watsonella crosbyi or Aldanella attleborensis around 529 million years ago.[4] The proposed upper boundary might be the first appearance of trilobites around 521 million years ago.[3]


Fifteen ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Chatham after the port of Chatham, Kent, home of the Chatham Dockyard.
Bulingugwe Island is a small island in northern Lake Victoria. It is about 6 miles (10 km) south of Kampala, Uganda. 
Robert Franklin Barsky is Canada Research Chair in Law, Narrative, and Border Crossing. He is a Professor in the College of Arts and Science and Associate Faculty in the School of Law at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. He is an expert on Noam Chomsky, literary theory, convention refugees, immigration and refugee law, borders, work through the Americas, and Montreal.[1] His biography of Chomsky titled Noam Chomsky: A Life of Dissent was published in 1997 by MIT Press, followed in 2007 by The Chomsky Effect: A Radical Works Beyond the Ivory Tower, and in 2011 by a biography of Chomsky's teacher: Zellig Harris: From American Linguistics to Socialist Zionism.[2] His most recent books are Undocumented Immigrants in an Era of Arbitrary Law (Routledge Law, 2016) and Hatched!, a novel (Sunbury Press, 2016).
Forever Vienna is the 2009 album released by violinist André Rieu. It was released as a double CD and DVD album. The DVD was recorded at the Royal Albert Hall and has some special features which include: My Home Town, photo gallery and discography. The album entered the Irish Album Charts on 4 February 2010 at number 53, it then climbed 49 places to its peak of number 4 the next week. It entered the UK Albums Chart on 3 January 2010 at number 22 and peaked at number 2.
The Speas Vinegar Company is a historic industrial facility at 2921 North Tryon Street in Charlotte, North Carolina.  The facility consists of a two-story brick manufacturing and office building, to which is attached a single-story brick warehouse.  The building's principal decorative embellishments are brick pilasters separating the window bays, topped by cast stone caps.  Built in 1939, it is a good local example of early 20th-century fireproof industrial construction.  It was built by the Speas Vinegar Company, founded in 1888, and was operated by that company and its successors, H. J. Heinz and Fleischmann's Vinegar Company, until 1994.[2]

Vipin Aneja is an Indian playback singer in Bollywood. He sang the popular song 'Jaane Tere Shehar Ka' in the movie Jazbaa which stars the likes of Irrfan Khan and Aishwarya Rai.[1][2]
Robert Berks (April 26, 1922 – May 16, 2011) was an American sculptor, industrial designer and planner. He created hundreds of bronze sculptures and monuments including the Mary McLeod Bethune Memorial, and the Albert Einstein Memorial in Washington, D.C.
The George Washington University School of Nursing (abbreviated as GW Nursing or GWSON) is the professional nursing school of the George Washington University, in Washington, D.C. Founded in 2010, GW Nursing is the newest of the 10 schools and colleges of George Washington University.
Mohamed Benhamou (Arabicمحمد بن حمو; born December 17, 1979) is an Algerian former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He is the goalkeepers coach of USM Alger.[2]
Kitcho (Kanji: 吉兆 Hiragana: きっちょう lit. "good omen") is a kaiseki (Japanese haute cuisine) restaurant chain group and one of the most famous ones in Japan. It was founded by Teiichi Yuki in 1930 in Osaka, and today runs restaurants in Osaka, Kyoto, Kobe, Fukuoka and Tokyo.
Jesse Lizarraga (born August 25, 1950), better known by the ring name Jesse Hernandez, is an American professional wrestler, referee, trainer, and actor. 
Gift Horse is a studio album by the folk rock band Lost Dogs. It was released in 1999 on BEC Records.
WCW Nitro Grill was an American professional wrestling-themed steak house owned by World Championship Wrestling (WCW) that opened in May 1999 at the Excalibur Hotel and Casino in Paradise, Nevada. It was built at a cost of $2 million. Professional wrestlers frequented the restaurant when they were touring in Las Vegas.[1][2][3][4][5][6] The restaurant hosted weekly watch parties for WCW Monday Nitro and WCW Thunder as well as occasional autograph signings with members of the WCW roster.[7] It closed on September 30, 2000 just six months before most of WCW's holdings were sold to the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE) in 2001.[8][9] The dining room was 16,000 square feet and could seat 350 people.[10] After the Las Vegas location opened, there were tentative plans to open more Nitro Grills across the United States, although none were ever announced.[11]
Bali-og, also spelled baliog, are traditional layered necklaces of various ethnic groups in the islands of Visayas and Mindanao in the  Philippines. They consist of chokers and necklaces with a fringe of beads and other ornaments. More than one is usually worn, layered over each other. Their elements usually consist of metal or glass beads, hollowed seeds, seashells, mother-of-pearl, and copper or brass ornaments.

Chigirinka (Russian: Чигиринка, Belarusian: Чыгірынка) is an agricultural settlement in Kirawsk District, Belarus. The settlement falls under the administrative division of Mogilev Region.
Basin modelling is the term broadly applied to a group of geological disciplines that can be used to analyse the formation and evolution of sedimentary basins, often but not exclusively to aid evaluation of potential hydrocarbon reserves.
The Summer Performing Arts Company (SPA) is a summerstock educational theatre program in Grand Forks, North Dakota that is part of the Grand Forks Public Schools.  Started in 1987 as a voice lesson and performance program for high school students, SPA now has over 1000 students ranging from elementary to high school, and produces one to three mainstage productions each summer at the Red River High School Performance Hall and Central High School Auditorium. Other venues have included the Chester Fritz Auditorium at the University of North Dakota and the Empire Arts Center in Downtown Grand Forks. In addition to the mainstage productions, accredited classes for high school students are offered. A middle school/junior high program and elementary school program are also offered.[1] In addition, the Grand Cities Children's Choir operates as a division of SPA. "GCCC" features several separate choirs that have regular concerts and special tours.
Çağıl (Kurdish: Qubik) is a village in the Derik District of Mardin Province in Turkey.[2] The village had a population of 793 in 2021.[1]

Tadg Óg Ó hUiginn (born c.1370, died 1448) was an Irish poet.
The Balfour Day riots, took place between 2 and 3 November 1945. The riots began as anti-Jewish demonstrations on the 28th anniversary of the Balfour Declaration. Rallies were organised by the right-wing Young Egypt Party and Hassan al-Banna's Muslim Brotherhood.
Debre Sina is a town in Amhara Region, Ethiopia. Located in Semien Shewa (North Shewa) zone the town has a latitude and longitude of 9°51′N 39°36′E﻿ / ﻿9.850°N 39.600°E﻿ / 9.850; 39.600 with an elevation of 2630 to 2830 meters above sea level. Although the district was named after this town, the administrative center of the Debre Sina district is located in Mekane Selam. Debre Sina is located along Ethiopian Highway 2. Just west of Debre Sina, the national highway reaches its highest point at 3120 meters above sea level. Just below the top of the Termaber pass, a tunnel was constructed by the Italians in 1938. The highest elevations along this escarpment reach beyond 3300 meters.
Starowiskitki-Parcel [starɔvisˈkitki ˈpart͡sɛl] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wiskitki, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]

The San Francisco Old Mint half eagle was a commemorative coin which was issued by the United States Mint in 2006.
RPM Fusion is a software repository, providing add-on packages for Fedora Linux.[1][2] It was born as a merge of the older repositories Livna, Dribble and Freshrpms. They distributed software that Fedora will not, either because it does not meet Fedora's definition of free software, or because distribution of that software may violate US law.[3]
Hungary and Slovakia are two neighboring countries in Central Europe. There are two major periods of official foreign relations between them in contemporary history. The first period included relations between the Kingdom of Hungary and the first Slovak Republic in 1939–1945. The second period started in 1993, when the countries again established diplomatic relations, the year when Slovakia became independent of Czechoslovakia. Hungary has an embassy in Bratislava and a general consulate in Košice, and in Nitra, and Slovakia has an embassy in Budapest and a general consulate in Békéscsaba.
Martin Wendt is a Danish professional poker player.
In computational geometry, the Bowyer–Watson algorithm is a method for computing the Delaunay triangulation of a finite set of points in any number of dimensions. The algorithm can be also used to obtain a Voronoi diagram of the points, which is the dual graph of the Delaunay triangulation.
Christopher Lutz (born 24 February 1971) is a German chess grandmaster and a two-time German Chess Champion.
40°06′00″N 44°48′49″E﻿ / ﻿40.10000°N 44.81361°E﻿ / 40.10000; 44.81361
Rogers v. Grimaldi, 875 F.2d 994 (2d Cir. 1989)[1] is a trademark and intellectual freedom case, known for establishing the "Rogers test" for protecting uses of trademarks that implicate intellectual freedom issues.
Provo High School is a public secondary school located in Provo, Utah, United States. It is one of three high schools in the Provo City School District[2] and was the oldest secondary school in the city. In the Summer of 2017 the school district began building a new school. The school was finished in August 2018.
Łubno [ˈwubnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Daszyna, within Łęczyca County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1][2] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of Daszyna, 17 km (11 mi) north-west of Łęczyca, and 52 km (32 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Iridescent Cloud is a sculpture by Laura Haddad and Tom Drugan, installed outside the Denver Museum of Nature & Science, in Denver, Colorado, U.S.[1]
Alexeyevsky District is the name of several administrative and municipal districts in Russia. The districts' name generally derives from or is related to the male first name Alexey.
Forte Sangallo, also known as the Fortezza di Nettuno, is a Renaissance fortification built on the Tyrrhenian Sea, in the historic village of the City of Nettuno, in the south of Rome. The fortification is a very popular tourist destination today with its well-preserved old quarter (the medieval village) with narrow streets and small squares.
Zarechye-Odintsovo (Russian: Заречье-Одинцово) is a Russian women's volleyball club based in Odintsovo. The club was founded in 1987 and plays in the super league, the top Russian league.
In geometry, visibility is a mathematical abstraction of the real-life notion of visibility.
Itabashi Station (板橋駅, Itabashi-eki) is a railway station on the Saikyo Line in Itabashi, Tokyo, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).[1]

Hector de Zoysa Siriwardena, CBE  (born 12 June 1898) was a Ceylonese politician.[1][2]
The Temiar are a Senoic group indigenous to the Malay peninsula and one of the largest of the eighteen Orang Asli groups of Malaysia. They reside mainly within Perak, Pahang and Kelantan states. The total ethnic population is estimated at around 40,000 to 120,000, most of which live on the fringes of the rainforest, while a small number have been urbanised.[2]
David P. Bartel is an American molecular biologist best known for his work on microRNAs. Bartel is a Professor of Biology at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Member of the Whitehead Institute, and investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI).
Klajić is a village in the municipality of Lebane, Serbia. According to the 2011 census, the village has a population of 159 people.[1]
The IFA Horch H3, also known as IFA H3, is a short bonnet lorry, and the first series production vehicle by East German VEB HORCH Kraftfahrzeug- und Motorenwerke Zwickau, later known as VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau. The short-lived H3 was produced from 1947 to 1949 in Zwickau (then Soviet occupation zone); 852 were produced. Several parts used in the H3, most notably the engine, were originally intended to be used for Sd.Kfz. 11 half tracks.[1]

Privacy by design is an approach to systems engineering initially developed by Ann Cavoukian and formalized in a joint report on privacy-enhancing technologies by a joint team of the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Ontario (Canada), the Dutch Data Protection Authority, and the Netherlands Organisation for Applied Scientific Research in 1995.[1][2] The privacy by design framework was published in 2009[3] and adopted by the International Assembly of Privacy Commissioners and Data Protection Authorities in 2010.[4] Privacy by design calls for privacy to be taken into account throughout the whole engineering process. The concept is an example of value sensitive design, i.e., taking human values into account in a well-defined manner throughout the process.[5][6]
Härma is a village in Raasiku Parish, Harju County in northern Estonia.[2] It has a population of 132 (as of 1 October 2011).[1]
Marina Scriabina (30 January 1911 - 28 April 1998) was a Russian artist, author, composer and musicologist, who was the daughter of composer Alexander Scriabin and Tatiana Schlözer.[1][unreliable source?] [2]
Rashid Harerimana is a Burundian professional footballer, who plays as a defender for A.S. Kigali and for the Burundi national football team.[2]
Sayeem popularly known as Sayeem Rana (born 1 March 1975) is a Bangladeshi singer, composer, music director, poet and professor. His full name is Md. Ziaur Rahman (Sayeem Rana).[1] He won Bangladesh National Film Awards in best music director category for the film Nekabborer Mohaproyan in 2014.[2] and Prothom Alo Best Book Award 1416. He is the assistant professor at the Department of Music of Dhaka University.[3][4][5][6][7]
The Columbus Civic Center is a civic center, a collection of government buildings, museums, and open park space in Downtown Columbus, Ohio. The site is located along the Scioto Mile recreation area and historically was directly on the banks of the Scioto River.
As Hurricane Isaias moved up the East Coast of the United States, a damaging outbreak of 39 tornadoes impacted areas from South Carolina to Connecticut between August 3–4, 2020. The most significant tornado of the outbreak was a large and intense EF3 tornado that obliterated a mobile home park near Windsor, North Carolina, killing two and injuring 14. This was the strongest tornado in the United States to be spawned by a tropical cyclone since 2005. In the end, the outbreak killed two and injured 26.
Yuzhnoye Izmaylovo  (Russian: Ю́жное Изма́йлово, Southern Izmaylovo) is an area ( former Moscow neighborhood now part of Ivanovskoe just north of Shosse Entuziastov route)  located in the eastern part of Moscow, Russia, just north of the Shosse Entuziastov (шоссе Энтузиастов) Route and west of the Moscow Ring Highway (МКАД). It borders Izmaylovo District in the south and Izmaylovsky Park in the north and west. In 1960, it became a part of Moscow, after all territories inside Moscow Ring Highway  were annexed by Moscow City proper.
Trandolapril is an ACE inhibitor used to treat high blood pressure. It may also be used to treat other conditions. It is similar in structure to another ACE Inhibitor, Ramipril but has a cyclohexane group. It also is a pro-drug and must get metabolized. It has a longer half-life when compared to other agents in this class.
União Sport Clube do Uíge is an Angolan football club based in Uíge. They made their debut in Girabola – the Angolan First Division – at the 2013–14 season, after being promoted from the Gira Angola.[1]
Dennis Reina (born 15 June 1950) is a psychologist and co-author of two books on building and rebuilding trust in the workplace. They include Trust and Betrayal in the Workplace: Building Effective Relationships in Your Organization, and the sequel, Rebuilding Trust in the Workplace: Seven Steps to Renew Confidence, Commitment, and Energy. Along with his wife, he is considered a pioneer and expert in the idea of building business trust to improve trust in workplace organizations.[1] He is co-founder of the Reina Trust Building Institute, a consultancy that specializes in developing and restoring workplace trust.[2] His work has been published in peer-reviewed journals, including the American Journal of Critical Care.[3] His work has also featured in mainstream media publications, including The New York Times,[4] USA Today,[5] Atlanta Journal-Constitution,[6] CNBC,[7] and CNN.[8]
The Federal Building is a historic post office, courthouse and custom house on Kennedy Plaza in downtown Providence, Rhode Island. It is a courthouse for the United States District Court for the District of Rhode Island. It was built in 1908 by Clarke & Howe of limestone and steel and has a courtyard in the center.
Artystone (Old Persian: *R̥tastūnā;[1] Ancient Greek: Ἀρτυστώνη Artustṓnē; Elamite Ir-taš-du-na, Ir-da-iš-du-na) also known as Irtašduna in the Fortification tablets, was a Persian princess, daughter of king Cyrus the Great, and sister or half-sister of Cambyses II, Atossa and Smerdis (Bardiyā).[2] Along with Atossa and her niece Parmys, Artystone married king Darius I.[3]  It is argued that by marrying the female offspring of Cyrus, the founder of the empire, the new king aimed to prevent his rule from being contested,[4] since Darius himself was not of royal blood.[5]
The universal relation assumption in relational databases states, that one can place all data attributes into a (possibly very wide) table, which may then be decomposed into smaller tables as needed.[1]
Devika Parikh (born November 3, 1966) is an American actress, best known for her recurring role as Bonnie in the NBC political drama series The West Wing from 1999 to 2003.[1]
Eddie Connolly (November 18, 1876 – January 1, 1936) was a Canadian-born boxer who took the World Welterweight Championship in a twenty-five round points decision on June 5, 1900, against reigning champion Matty Matthews at the Seaside Athletic Club in Brooklyn, New York. Earlier in his career, he took both the Canadian Featherweight Title, and the British Empire World Lightweight Title.  He was exceptional to have fought for titles in three weight divisions, and to have fought in both lightweight and welterweight divisions for World Championships.  His primary and best known manager was Billy Roche, who also managed champion "Mysterious" Billy Smith. He was also managed by Abe Pollack and by Eddie Kelly during his fights in England.[1][2]
Fernão Vaz Dourado (c. 1520 in Goa – c. 1580 in Portuguese India) was a Portuguese cartographer of the sixteenth century, belonging to the third period of the old Portuguese nautical cartography, which is characterised by the abandonment of Ptolemaic influence in the representation of the Orient and introduction of better accuracy in the depiction of lands and continents. Little is known about this historical figure.
The World Is Yours is the debut studio album by American rapper Rich the Kid. It was released on March 30, 2018, by Interscope Records and Rich Forever Music.[1] The album features guest appearances from Rich Forever Music labelmate Jay Critch, alongside Chris Brown, Kendrick Lamar, Lil Wayne, Khalid, Rick Ross, Swae Lee of Rae Sremmurd, Trippie Redd, and Quavo and Offset of Migos, among others.
Mount Bisoke (also Visoke) is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Albertine Rift, the western branch of the East African Rift. It straddles the border of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo, but the summit is located in Rwanda. It is located approximately 35 km northeast of the town of Goma and adjacent Lake Kivu.
David Škoch and Igor Zelenay were the defending champions, but they chose to not compete this year.
Grigor Dimitrov and Teymuraz Gabashvili defeated Jan Minář and Lukáš Rosol 6–4, 2–6, [10–8] in the final.

"My Robin is to the greenwood gone" or "Bonny Sweet Robin" is an English popular tune from the Renaissance.

Issi Noho is the eponymous main character in a series of books and children's television programmes created, written and narrated by author Keith Chatfield. Issi Noho was originally published by Heinemann and Piccolo, and 52 episodes of the television programme were produced for Thames Television between 1974 and 1978.
Der Geist hilft unser Schwachheit auf (The Spirit gives aid to our weakness), BWV 226, is a motet by Johann Sebastian Bach, composed in Leipzig in 1729 for the funeral of Johann Heinrich Ernesti.
Abdelhamid Sharaf (Arabic: الشريف عبدالحميد شرف;‎ 8 July 1939 – 3 July 1980), was a Jordanian politician born in Iraq who served as the 24th Prime Minister of Jordan from December 1979 until his death of a heart attack after seven months in office.  King Hussein announced the death in a live radio broadcast and said that "His death could not have come at a worse time."[1]  Sharaf was  ambassador to the United States (1967–1972), Canada (1969–1972) and the United Nations (1972–1976).
Sangtab (Persian: سنگ تاب, also Romanized as Sangtāb)[1] is a village in Mianrud Rural District, Chamestan District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 309, in 77 families.[2]
The 47th New Brunswick Legislative Assembly represented New Brunswick between March 2, 1971, and October 11, 1974.

This article is a list of diseases of hazelnut (Corylus avellana & Corylus spp.).
Fort Davis Independent School District (FDISD) is a public school district based in the community of Fort Davis in unincorporated Jeff Davis County, Texas (USA).
Munich-Fasanerie station is a railway station in the Feldmoching-Hasenbergl borough of Munich, Germany.
The PGA National Champion Course is an 18-hole golf course located at the PGA National Golf Club in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, United States.[3]
Čauševići is a village in the municipality of Prijepolje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 132 people.[1]
Israel competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece, from 13 to 29 August 2004. It was the nation's thirteenth appearance at the Summer Olympics.
The Lion King: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack for the 2019 Walt Disney Pictures film The Lion King, a photorealistic computer-animated remake of the 1994 animated film of the same name. It consists of a soundtrack featuring songs from the original film written by Elton John and Tim Rice, and performed by the film's cast, as well as a new song by Beyoncé and an end-credit song titled "Never Too Late", written by John and Rice and performed by John, and a score composed by the original film's composer Hans Zimmer. Beyoncé also produced a curated soundtrack titled The Lion King: The Gift, which features new songs performed by multiple artists. The soundtrack was digitally released on July 11, 2019, while both the soundtrack's CD and Beyoncé's album were released on July 19, 2019.
Naima Sahlbom (15 May 1871 – 29 March 1957) was a Swedish chemist, mineralogist, and peace activist. She is considered to be one of Sweden's most notable women chemists of the early 20th century.[1]
Wanja is a given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:
Grbavce (Serbian Cyrillic: Грбавце; Albanian: Gërbac) is a village in the municipality of Medveđa, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 276 people.[1] Of these, 275 (99,63 %) were ethnic Albanians, and 1 (0,36 %) other.[1]
Saint-Nazaire-le-Désert (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ nazɛʁ lə dezɛʁ]; Occitan: Sant Nazari dau Desert) is a commune in the Drôme department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.[3]
Omm ol Emamid (Persian: ام الاماميد, also Romanized as Omm ol Emāmīd; also known as Omm ol Emāmī)[1] is a village in Howmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 11 families.[2]
Novoye Devyatkino (Russian: Новое Девяткино) is a village in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast, Russia. Population:  10,978 (2010 Census);[1] 8,847 (2002 Census);[2] .
50°24′N 114°36′W﻿ / ﻿50.4°N 114.6°W﻿ / 50.4; -114.6
Fangcao Street Station is a metro station at Chengdu, Sichuan, China. It was opened on December 18, 2020 with the opening of Chengdu Metro Line 8.[1][2][3]
Mayoral elections:
El Hany Soliman Moussa Soliman (Arabic: الهاني سليمان; born 7 August 1984), is an Egyptian footballer who plays for Egyptian Premier League side Smouha as a goalkeeper.[1]
Otilio Alba Polo (1915 – 18 March 1941) was a Spanish Catalan politician. He was born in Barcelona. He supported the Second Spanish Republic during the Spanish Civil War. After the victory of the Nationalists, he was executed by the government of Francisco Franco.
Yi'an District (simplified Chinese: 义安区; traditional Chinese: 義安區; pinyin: Yì'ān Qū), formerly Tongling County, is a district of the city of Tongling, in the south of Anhui province, lying on the southern and eastern (right) bank of the Yangtze River. The total area is 1,113 km2 (430 sq mi). The population (Han nationality) is 716,300.[1]
The House of Pamphili (often with the final long i orthography, Pamphilj) was one of the papal families deeply entrenched in Catholic Church, Roman and Italian politics of the 16th and 17th centuries.[1]
Count Jefferson von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth (Jefferson-Friedrich Volker Benjamin Graf von Pfeil und Klein-Ellguth; born 12 July 1967) is a German nobleman and a banker.
Wanlaweyn (Maay: Wanliwiing) is a town in the southern Lower Shebelle region of Somalia. Situated around 90km (50 miles) northwest of the capital Mogadishu, it is the center of the Wanlaweyn District. The 1953 Southern League was the second season of the regional third tier of speedway racing in the United Kingdom for Southern British teams. It was the final season before being replaced by the Southern Area League. 

This is a list of places on the Victorian Heritage Register in the Rural City of Horsham in Victoria, Australia. The Victorian Heritage Register is maintained by the Heritage Council of Victoria.
Andrius Mamontovas (born 23 August 1967) is a Lithuanian rock musician. He is also a songwriter, actor, performer and record producer. He was one of the co-founders of the Lithuanian rock band Foje and the initiator of the LT United project.
The Via Aemilia  (Italian: Via Emilia; English: Aemilian Way) was a trunk Roman road in the north Italian plain, running from Ariminum (Rimini), on the Adriatic coast, to Placentia (Piacenza) on the river Padus (Po). It was completed in 187 BC. The Via Aemilia connected at Rimini with the Via Flaminia, which had been completed 33 years earlier, to Rome.
"Been There" is a song written and recorded by American country music artists Clint Black and Steve Wariner that peaked at number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart in 2000.  It was released in January 2000, as the second single from Black's album D'lectrified, and the final Top Ten hit for Wariner on the country singles charts.[2]
Larissa Ivanovna Diadkova (Russian: Лариса Ивановна Дядькова; born 1954 in Zelenodolsk)[1] is a Russian mezzo-soprano.
Pedro de Alcántara Álvarez de Toledo y Salm-Salm, 13th Duke of the Infantado (1768–1841) was a Spanish military commander and politician.
Major General Giri Prasad Burathoki was a Gurkha officer and Nepalese politician. He was born in 1898 at Bharse, Gulmi District, Nepal. He left his village at a young age to join the British army in India and was involved in World War I and World War II. He showed great bravery and distinguished service during his military career with the British for which he was conferred the title of "Sardar Bahadur" and was awarded the Order of British Empire, Order of British India, Military Cross and many other medals. He retired as an "Honorary Captain" of the British Indian Army.
Zorunovac is a village in the municipality of Knjaževac, Serbia. According to the census of 2002, the village had a population of 179 people.[1]
Inez Haynes (June 3, 1909  – May 29, 1997) was the 10th director of the United States Army Nurse Corps from October 1, 1955 until August 31, 1959.[1][2]
Castaignos-Souslens is a commune in the Landes department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.[3]
Valeh Muslumov (Azerbaijani: Müslümov Valeh Əlizaid oğlu) (September 2, 1968, Lerik, Azerbaijan – Aprel 14, 1992, Aghdara, Azerbaijan) was the National Hero of Azerbaijan, and the warrior of the First Nagorno-Karabakh War.[1]
Jake Cavaliere (born Jacob Cavaliere, April 5, 1972, in Downey, California) is an American musician, singer, songwriter, producer and tattoo artist.[1] He is best known for being the frontman and lead vocalist for Southern California rock and roll band Lords of Altamont, as well as his contributions as organ player and vocalist for the surf and garage combo The Bomboras.
Quip is a collaborative productivity software suite for mobile and the Web. It allows groups of people to create and edit documents and spreadsheets as a group, typically for business purposes.[1]
The 1923 Argentine Primera División was the 32nd season of top-flight football in Argentina. The AFA season began on March 11 and ended on April 27, 1924.[1]
The 1998 Copa Colsanitas was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Club Campestre El Rancho in Bogotá in Colombia that was part of Tier IV of the 1998 WTA Tour. The tournament was held from 16 February through 22 February 1998. Unseeded Paola Suárez won the singles title.
Svenljunga Municipality (Svenljunga kommun) is a municipality in Västra Götaland County in western Sweden. Its seat is located in the town of Svenljunga.
Lament is the fifth studio album by American post-hardcore band Touché Amoré. The album was released on October 9, 2020 through Epitaph Records. Recording sessions took place at the Bunker Studio in Brooklyn featuring Andy Hull's additional vocals recorded at Favorite Gentlemen Studios in Alpharetta, Georgia. It is their first album to be produced by Ross Robinson.
Pontormo – Un amore eretico is a 2004 film by Italian director Giovanni Fago.
Abtweiler is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Bad Kreuznach district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Meisenheim, whose seat is in the like-named town.
Saturday the 14th Strikes Back (also known as Saturday the 14th Part 2) is a 1988 American comedy horror film written and directed by Howard R. Cohen and produced by Julie Corman. It stars Ray Walston, Avery Schreiber, Patty McCormack and Jason Presson.
The Unity Committee (Bulgarian: Единство Комитет, romanized: Edinstvo Komitet, Macedonian: Комитет Единство, romanized: Komitet Edinstvo)[1] was an organization supporting the Bulgarian population of Thrace and Macedonia,[2][3] remained within the Ottoman Empire after the division of the San Stefano Bulgaria and the decision of the Berlin Treaty. First Committee "Unity" was established on August 29, 1878, in Veliko Tarnovo. Its main objective was enshrined in the Constitutive protocol: Unity of all Bulgarians and their wellness today.  The initiative for this belonged to Lyuben Karavelov, Stefan Stambolov and Hristo Ivanov - Golemia. The goal of this new committee was to create such committees around the country of Bulgaria. Soon after Edinstvo was formed in Tarnovo, steps were taken to spread it to all towns in Bulgaria and Eastern Rumelia as well. People were also sent to Macedonia. As a consequence the  Kresna-Razlog Uprising was organized.[4]
Ouro Preto (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈo(w)ɾu ˈpɾetu], Black Gold), formerly Vila Rica (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈvilɐ ˈʁikɐ], Rich Village), is a city in and former capital of the state of Minas Gerais, Brazil, a former colonial mining town located in the Serra do Espinhaço mountains and designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because of its outstanding Baroque Portuguese colonial architecture.
Shem-Tov Sabag (שם טוב סבג; nicknamed "Shemi";[1] born April 13, 1959) is an Israeli former Olympic marathoner.[2][3] He won both the 1984 Lake County Marathon and the 1989 Vancouver Marathon.

Andrew Thomas Cayley, CMG KC FRSA (born 1964), is an English and Welsh King’s Counsel and is His Majesty's Chief Inspector of the Crown Prosecution Service having been appointed by the Attorney General of England and Wales, Suella Braverman MP, KC on 19 January 2021.
Johannes Wallmann (21 May 1930 – 2 January 2021)[1][2] was a German Protestant theologian and emeritus professor of church history at the Ruhr-Universität Bochum.[3]
(Parliamentary) Committee on Health and Welfare[1] (Swedish: socialutskottet) (SoU) is a parliamentary committee in the Swedish Riksdag. The committee's main areas of responsibility concern the wellbeing of children and teenagers, care for the elderly and disabled, measures against addiction, and other social services issues. It also debates on policies regarding alcohol, and health care along with social matters in general.
Marian Putyra (born 19 September 1957) is a retired Polish football manager.[1]
Kawasato (川里町, Kawasato-machi) was a town located in Kitasaitama District, Saitama, Japan.
Nico Motchebon (born 13 November 1969 in Berlin) is a former German 800 metres runner.

The 2020–21 UNC Wilmington Seahawks men's basketball team represented the University of North Carolina Wilmington during the 2020–21 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Seahawks was led by Takayo Siddle, who took over from C.B. McGrath when he was fired by UNCW in January 2020.[1] They played their home games at Trask Coliseum as part of the Colonial Athletic Association.
Tornado (P-44) is the fourth ship of the Meteoro class, a new kind of offshore patrol vessels created for the Spanish Navy and called BAMs.
Wizard of the Hood is the debut EP by Violent J. Released in 2003, it is the Insane Clown Posse member's first solo release. The EP is a concept album based on The Wizard of Oz, which is retold in an urban setting. Several tracks from the EP also sample music from the 1978 film The Wiz, another urban reimagining of The Wizard of Oz. A song with the same title had previously been released on the album Carnival of Carnage.
Henry T. Blackaby is the founder of Blackaby Ministries International and an influential evangelical pastor.[1] Most known for his best selling study called Experiencing God, he has also authored many other books and articles. Blackaby's lifetime of work has had a significant impact upon the religious life of many evangelicals in the United States and in Canada. His books have been translated into more than 40 languages and have had worldwide influence.[2]
The Monumento Nacional ao Imigrante ("National Monument to the Immigrant") is a monument in Caxias do Sul, Brazil, located at the entrance of the city, on BR-116. It is listed by the National Historic and Artistic Heritage Institute (IPHAN).[1]
Hanna-Urak Waterfall is a waterfall located near Hanna Lake in Urak Valley, Quetta District of Balochistan the province of Pakistan. It is a small waterfall surrounded by mountains.[1][2]
Twiggs County Courthouse is a historic county courthouse in Jeffersonville, Georgia, county seat of Twiggs County, Georgia. The Romanesque Revival architecture building was designed by J.W. Golucke and built from 1902 to 1904.[2][3] The previous courthouse had burned down in 1901.[4] It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1] It is located in Courthouse Square.  The square includes a Confederate soldier memorial.
Giuseppe Agnelli (1621 in Naples – 17 October 1706 in Rome), was a Roman Catholic author, chiefly known for his catechetical and devotional works. He entered the Society of Jesus, in Rome, in 1637. He was professor of moral theology, and rector of the colleges of Montepulciano, Macerata, and Ancona, and also Consultor of the Inquisition of the March of Ancona. He passed the last thirty-three years of his life in the professed house in Rome, where he died. He wrote:
Year of the Six Emperors (238)
HNLMS De Ruyter (Dutch: Hr.Ms. or Zr.Ms. De Ruyter) may refer to one of nine ships of the Royal Netherlands Navy named after Admiral Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter (1607–1676):
Émile Pierre Ratez (also René Emile Ratez; 5 November  1851– 19 May 1934) was a French composer, administrator, and violist.
The Strong Interest Inventory (SII) is an interest inventory used in career assessment.[1][2] As such, career assessments may be used in career counseling.[2][3][4][5][6][7] The goal of this assessment is to give insight into a person's interests, so that they may have less difficulty in deciding on an appropriate career choice for themselves.[2][7] It is also frequently used for educational guidance[5][6] as one of the most popular career assessment tools. The test was developed in 1927 by psychologist Edward Kellog Strong, Jr. to help people exiting the military find suitable jobs.[8] It was revised later by Jo-Ida Hansen and David P. Campbell. The modern version of 2004 is based on the Holland Codes typology of psychologist John L. Holland.[8] The Strong is designed for high school students, college students, and adults, and was found to be at about the ninth-grade reading level.[9]
Lim Keun-Jae (born November 5, 1969) is a South Korean football manager. He played for FC Seoul and Pohang Steelers then known as 'LG Cheetahs' and 'Pohang Atoms'.
Mirmingeh (Persian: ميرمنگه, also Romanized as Mīrmingeh)[1] is a village in Cheshmeh Kabud Rural District, in the Central District of Harsin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 27 families.[2]
The Australian Aboriginal counting system was used together with message sticks sent to neighbouring clans to alert them of, or invite them to, corroborees, set-fights, and ball games. Numbers could clarify the day the meeting was to be held (in a number of "moons") and where (the number of camps' distance away). The messenger would have a message "in his mouth" to go along with the message stick.
Iwanówka [ivaˈnufka], is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Giby, within Sejny County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland, close to the borders with Belarus and Lithuania.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north of Giby, 5 km (3 mi) south-west of Sejny, and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
Albert H. Small (October 15, 1925 - October 3, 2021) was a real estate developer and philanthropist.[1]
Ganjali (Persian: گنج علي, also Romanized as Ganj‘alī; also known as Ganj ‘Alīābād-e ‘Olyā)[1] is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 76, in 17 families.[2]
The Okamoto–Uchiyama cryptosystem is a public key cryptosystem proposed  in 1998 by Tatsuaki Okamoto and Shigenori Uchiyama. The system works in the multiplicative group of integers modulo n, 

, where n is of the form p2q and p and q are large primes.
USS Humphreys (DD-236/APD-12) was a Clemson-class destroyer in the United States Navy during World War II. She was named for Joshua Humphreys, a pioneer US shipbuilder.
Theodoor Jacobus Boks (15 August 1893, in Elst – 18 July 1961, in Hilversum?)[1] was a Dutch mathematician working on analysis.
Tegua is an island in Vanuatu's Torres Islands chain, located in Torba Province.
Alina Kozich (Ukrainian: Алина Козич, born December 16, 1987) is a Ukrainian former artistic gymnast. She was a member of the Ukrainian team at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
The Eight Immortals of the Wine Cup or Eight Immortals Indulged in Wine (Chinese: 飲中八仙; pinyin: yǐnzhōng bāxiān) were a group of Tang Dynasty scholars who are known for their love of alcoholic beverages. They are not deified and xiān ("immortal; transcendent; fairy") is metaphorical. The term is used in a poem by Du Fu, as well as in the biography of Li Bai in the New Book of Tang.
Ryan Hampton (born 17 April 1974 in Duarte, California) is a former American Indy Lights driver. Besides racing cars in races he also competed in drift competitions.[1][2]
"Night Train" is the sixth single by the British pop group Visage, released by Polydor Records in June 1982.
Indecent & Obscene is the second album by Dismember. The album is accompanied by two music videos for the tracks "Skinfather" and "Dreaming in Red".

Mirudhubashini Govindarajan (born 1947) is an Indian-born healthcare consultant, focussing on women's healthcare and infertility management[1] in Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.
Valgañón is a village in the province and autonomous community of La Rioja, Spain. The municipality covers an area of 31.74 square kilometres (12.25 sq mi) and as of 2011 had a population of 128 people.[1]
The lynching of William Johnson occurred at Thebes, Illinois on April 26, 1903. Johnson had been accused of assaulting a 10-year-old girl. He was apprehended by a mob of farmers and hanged.
Steven Anderson is a professional basketball referee who worked in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for four seasons (2013-2017).[1] He wore the uniform number 35.
Universitario Fútbol Club is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas, in the autonomous community of Canary Islands. Founded in 2018, they play in Preferente Interinsular de Las Palmas – Group 2, holding home matches at Campo de Fútbol Barrio Atlántico, with a capacity of 1,500 people.
The emblem of Yerevan, the capital and largest city of Armenia, shows a winged Erebuni lion with a bronze shield having a blue circumference. The lion has the tree of life as a crown, holds a power staff, and has a shield encompassing the symbol of eternity and the Ararat mountains on its chest. The text with the blue background below it spells Yerevan in Armenian letters.
Daciana Hosu (born 16 January 1998)[1] is a Romanian handball player for SCM Râmnicu Vâlcea. 
Frederick "Fritz" Scheeren (July 1, 1891 – June 17, 1973), nicknamed "Dutch", was an outfielder in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates.[1]
Marcos Roberto Dias Cardoso, also known as Marcos Roberto (São Paulo,[1] June 26, 1941 - Osasco, July 21, 2012) was a singer and Brazilian composer, successful since the 1960s and in the 1980s with the song A Última Carta, which was in first place on the charts for months and sold more than 2 million records.[2]
The 2000–01 Drexel Dragons men's basketball team represented Drexel University  during the 2000–01 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Dragons, led by 2nd-year head coach Steve Seymour, played their home games at the Daskalakis Athletic Center and were members of the America East Conference (AEC).
In cultural anthropology, the distinction between a guilt society or guilt culture, shame society or shame culture and honor–shame culture, and a fear society or culture of fear, has been used to categorize different cultures.[1] The differences can apply to how behavior is governed with respect to government laws, business rules, or social etiquette. This classification has been applied especially to so called "apollonian" societies, sorting them according to the emotions they use to control individuals (especially children) and maintaining social order, swaying them into norm obedience and conformity.[2]
Berganuy is a locality located in the municipality of Arén, in Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 0.[2]
In What Language? is a collaborative studio album by American jazz pianist Vijay Iyer and American hip hop musician Mike Ladd. It was released on Pi Recordings in 2003.
The Centre de l'Imaginaire Arthurien (English:The Centre for the Arthurian Imaginary, but often referred to as the Centre Arthurien, English:The Arthurian Centre) is a cultural centre dedicated to the Matter of Britain. It was founded in 1988 in Rennes through the influence of different specialists in Arthurian legend, local politicians, artists and writers. Since 1990 its headquarters has been at the Château de Comper, in Paimpont Forest.
The men's individual pursuit competition at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships was held on 13 August 2022.[1][2]

James ("Jim") Roberts (born 13 August 1948) is an Australian sports and recreation advocate, former association football player and former coach of the Australian national futsal team.
Chư Mom Ray National Park (Vietnamese: Vườn quốc gia Chư Mom Ray ) is a national park of Vietnam in the province of Kon Tum, Central Highlands region.
The basketball tournaments of University Athletic Association of the Philippines (UAAP) Season 71 started on July 5, 2008 at the Araneta Coliseum with University of the Philippines, Diliman as hosts. The defending champions were the De La Salle Green Archers (men), Ateneo Lady Eagles (women) and the De La Salle Junior Archers (juniors).
Aleksey Anatolyevich Averyanov (Russian: Алексей Анатольевич Аверьянов; born 28 May 1986) is a Russian former professional football player. Averyanov played striker and midfielder positions.
Sharif ol Din (Persian: شريف الدين, also Romanized as Sharīf ol Dīn and Sharīf od Dīn)[1] is a village in Beygom Qaleh Rural District, in the Central District of Naqadeh County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 90, in 20 families.[2]
The 2015 USA Rugby League season was the fifth season of the USA Rugby League National Premiership competition, and its first as the undisputed top-level rugby league competition in the United States. Fourteen teams competed for the USARL Championship.  The season began on Saturday, May 30, and concluded with the Championship Final on Saturday, August 29, in Jacksonville, Florida.  The Boston Thirteens won their first USARL Championship, defeating the Atlanta Rhinos 44-12.
Jiuzhangli is a metro station on the Green Line operated by Taichung Metro in Wuri District, Taichung, Taiwan.[2]
JORDY or Joint Optical Reflective Display is an optical viewing device developed based on NASA technology. It is used to help the visually impaired see and read.
The 1905 AAA National Motor Car Championship consisted of 11 points-paying races, beginning in The Bronx, New York on June 10 and concluding in Poughkeepsie, New York on September 29. There were also at least two non-championship events held during the year. This was the first year that the AAA Contest Board (then known as the Racing Board) officially recognized a National Champion in American Championship Car competition.
Psychological theories of magic treat magic as a personal phenomenon intended to meet individual needs, as opposed to a social phenomenon serving a collective purpose.  
During the National Socialist era, "Aryan persons" who lived in so-called "mixed marriages" with a "Jewish person" were referred to as "jüdisch versippt" (family ties to Jews). "Jüdisch Versippte" were discriminated against; they were excluded from certain professions and career opportunities, dismissed from public service, and, from 1943, were deemed as "unworthy of military service" and were used for quartered forced labor in "Sonderkommandos" (special forces) of the Organization Todt.
The Union of Jewish Students of the United Kingdom and Ireland (UJS) represents Jewish students in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It is a member of the World Union of Jewish Students (WUJS) and the European Union of Jewish Students (EUJS) and an associate member of the National Union of Students, and is represented on the Board of Deputies of British Jews.[1] The President for 2022/23 is Joel Rosen.
Hafiz Tahir Kolgjini (Lusën, Kukës County, Albania, 24 April 1903 – Istanbul, 12 December 1988) was an Albanian imam, scholar, writer, poet, historian, and clerk.
Cameron Charles Newton (born February 25, 1950) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey goaltender. 
Tim Weiland, popularly known as Timo Weiland, is an American fashion designer, disc jockey and entrepreneur, as well as the co-founder and creative director of the Timo Weiland brand.[2][3][4][5][6][7] He is also the co-founder and CMO of the blockchain software company MyStandard ($MySt).[8]
Rahmatabad (Persian: رحمت آباد, also Romanized as Raḩmatābād)[1] is a village in Garmsir Rural District, in the Central District of Ardestan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 501, in 123 families.[2]
In quantum mechanics and computing, the Bloch sphere is a geometrical representation of the pure state space of a two-level quantum mechanical system (qubit), named after the physicist Felix Bloch.[1]
The Colburn School is a private performing arts school in Los Angeles with a focus on music and dance. It consists of four divisions: the Conservatory of Music, Music Academy, Community School of Performing Arts and the Trudl Zipper Dance Institute. It is located adjacent to the Museum of Contemporary Art and across the street from the Walt Disney Concert Hall.
Andrzej Nikodem (born 1968) is a retired Polish football defender.[1]
Flippin is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Harrington Meeting House is a historic colonial meeting house at 278 Harrington Road in Bristol, Maine.   Built in 1772 and moved to its present site in 1775, it is one of the town's original three meeting houses.  It contains a small museum of old photographs, clothing, and books. The adjoining cemetery has gravestones of historical interest.[2] The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Harrington Meetinghouse in 1970.[1]
Rex Rector (December 28, 1950 – November 5, 2020) was an American politician who served in the Missouri House of Representatives from the 24th district from 2001 to 2007.[1]

Matthew White (c 1766 – 11 March 1840)[1] was a British politician. He sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hythe, from 1802 to 1806 and 1812–1818.
Gonzalo Rubio Orbe (1909 – 24 October 1994) was born in Otavalo into a farming family, the second of seven children and the oldest of three sons. Rubio received a Doctorate in Education from the Central University of Ecuador, and then distinguished himself as an anthropologist and historian of the indigenista school. The Indigenistas were a radical group of intellectuals who placed the indigenous pre-Columbian heritage of Latin America on an equal footing to that of the Spanish conquistador heritage.
Kibata is an administrative ward in Kilwa District of Lindi Region in Tanzania. 
The ward covers an area of 139.5 km2 (53.9 sq mi),[1] and has an average elevation of 415 m (1,362 ft).[2] According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 8,730.[3] The ward seat is Kibata village.[4]
The Clock Tower of Ulcinj (Montenegrin: Sahat kula, Сахат кула, Albanian: Sahat Kulla, Turkish: Saat Kulesi), was built in Ulcinj, Montenegro in 1754 during the Ottoman Empire rule over the city, with the help of donations made by the citizens of Ulcinj. The name comes from the Turkish Saat Kulesi which literally means "Clock Tower" in English. 
Erasmo Fuentes de Hoyos (born 1943) is a Mexican-born member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and sculptor who resides in Mapleton, Utah.  Among his more well known works is "Anxiously Engaged"[1] (made with his son Alex Fuentes) which is a 7-foot-tall (2.1 m) sculpture of Mormon missionaries on bikes; the sculpture is displayed at the Missionary Training Center in Provo, Utah.
Andrei Stepanovich Bakich (Russian: Андрей Степанович Бакич; 31 December 1878 – 17 June 1922) was a general of the White movement during the Russian Civil War.
La Fage-Saint-Julien (French pronunciation: ​[la faʒ sɛ̃ ʒyljɛ̃]; Occitan: La Fageta) is a commune in the Lozère department in southern France.
Ernest Todd Mitchell (born July 26, 1966) is an American retired professional basketball player. He was a 6'7" (200 cm) 205 lb (93 kg) small forward, and played college basketball at Purdue University, from 1984 to 1988.[1]
Kala Suri Diliup Gabadamudalige is a Sri Lankan pianist, keyboardist, composer, lyricist and producer. He is the pioneer in Computer/MIDI Music in Sri Lanka.
Temur Sabirov was a renowned Soviet and Tajik Doctor of Physics and Mathematics.
Nowy Jarosław (Polish pronunciation: [ˈnɔvɨ jaˈrɔswaf]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Darłowo, within Sławno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Darłowo, 11 km (7 mi) west of Sławno, and 168 km (104 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The Imam Ali military base is an Iranian military base located near the eastern Syrian town of Abu Kamal, near the border with Iraq.
Aware (Somali: Awaare) is a town and the capital city of the Aware woreda, in the Somali Region of Ethiopia. It is frequently considered part of the Haud.[1]Swiftair S.A. is an airline headquartered in Madrid, Spain.[1] It operates scheduled and charter, passenger and cargo flights in Europe, North Africa and the Middle East. Its main base is Madrid–Barajas Airport.
The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2015 (H.R. 4923) is a bill that would make appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for FY2015.[1] The bill would appropriate $34 billion, which is only $50 million less than these agencies currently receive.[2] The appropriations for the United States Department of Energy and the United States Army Corps of Engineers are made by this bill.

George Halifax Lumley-Savile, 3rd Baron Savile (24 January 1919[1] – 2 June 2008) was an English landowner, member of the House of Lords,[2][3] and president of the Country Landowners Association.[4]
Basketball Elchingen 1999, for sponsorship reasons Scanplus Baskets Elchingen, is a German professional basketball club, based in Elchingen.[2] The club currently plays in the ProB, the German third tier division. Until 1999, the team was known as SV Oberelchingen.[3]
The 1910–11 Central University men's basketball team represented Centre College during the 1910–11 college basketball season. The team was led by brothers William and Louis Seelbach, the sons of the man who founded the Seelbach Hotel. The team posted a 9–4 record. The highlight of the season was the defeat of Columbus YMCA, 40–38.[2]
Lenin Komsomol Prize (Russian: премия Ленинского комсомола) was a Soviet annual award for the best works in science, engineering, literature or art carried out by young authors of age not exceeding 33 years. Komsomol was the abbreviated name of The Communist Union of Youth (Russian: Коммунистический союз молодёжи; hence Ком-со-мол, Kom-so-mol).

This is a list of characters that appear on the ABC soap opera Ryan's Hope from 1975 to 1989.

Laura Coryton is a British campaigner, feminist activist and author. She is the founder of Stop Taxing Periods, a campaign to abolish the Tampon Tax in the United Kingdom and make menstrual products exempt from VAT, and runs the Relationships and Sex Education (RSE) social enterprise Sex Ed Matters. Coryton published her first book 'Speak Up!', a campaign guide for rebel girls, in 2019.
Effects bargaining is a type of bargaining which involves certain decisions that are within the management’s right to make. This has impact on mandatory subjects of bargaining. This is common to some business decisions like laying off and transferring employees. The bargaining on these impacts or effects is called effects bargaining.[1]
Caroline Nelson (also Caroline Nelson Rave; 1868–1952) of Denmark was an American birth control advocate and radical socialist.[1] A member of Margaret Sanger's inner circle,[2] she was affiliated with the Northern California Birth Control Committee of 100.[3] As a San Francisco-based Wobbly organizer, she spoke at IWW meetings, along with Emma Goldman, Elizabeth Gurley Flynn, and Rose Pastor Stokes.[4] Nelson was married to Carl Rave, an ironworker and union activist who also participated in birth control activism.[5]
Risocaine (or propyl 4-aminobenzoate) is a local anesthetic.
Johannes Terho (9 December 1885 – 28 March 1961) was a Finnish chess player, Finnish Chess Championship silver medalist (1922).
Ministry of Environment (Pakistan) · Pakistan Environmental Protection Agency · Dhodial Pheasantry · Zoological Survey Department of Pakistan · Sindh Wildlife Department · Punjab Wildlife Department · Khyber Pakhtukhwa Wildlife Department · Baluchistan Wildlife Department · Gilgit Baltistan Wildlife Department · Himalayan Wildlife Foundation · National Institute of Oceanography (Pakistan)
Franz Ignaz Josef Flurer (July or August 1688, Augsburg - June 25, 1742, Graz)[1] was a German painter, best known for his landscapes with figures. Much of his work was done in Austria.
Vogelsang Training Area (German: Truppenübungsplatz Vogelsang) lay in the German North Eifel hills between the villages of Simmerath, Heimbach and Schleiden in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. It was established in 1946 and handed back at the end of 2005, and consisted of the grounds of the former Nazi leadership training centre in the fort of Vogelsang (Ordensburg Vogelsang) on the Erpenscheid hill[1] plus additional terrain including the so-called Dreiborn Plateau. In the north and east it was bounded by the Urft Reservoir. The training area had an area of around 45 km2 and since 1 January 2006 has been fully incorporated into the Eifel National Park.[2]
SM UB-52 was a German Type UB III submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. She was commissioned into the Pola Flotilla of the German Imperial Navy on 9 August 1917 as SM UB-52.[Note 1]
George Wood Monroe was an American Brevet Brigadier General who participated in the American Civil War. He commanded the 22nd Kentucky Infantry Regiment during the war as well as the 7th Kentucky Infantry Regiment after the war. Monroe also led the 22nd Kentucky throughout several major battles of the Vicksburg campaign.
Erwin Walter Palm (28 August 1910 – 7 July 1988) was a German Latin American scholar, historian, and writer.
Most Dangerous Game is an American action series created by Nick Santora, Josh Harmon, and Scott Elder that debuted on Quibi on April 6, 2020.[1] It is inspired by the 1924 short story "The Most Dangerous Game" by Richard Connell. On May 20, 2021, the series was released on the Roku Channel. On August 23, 2021, it was renewed for a second season on the Roku Channel.[2] In May 2022, Amazon Prime Video started streaming a compiled version of the first season episodes as a 2 hour, 7 minute feature film. On March 10, 2023 the second season premiered, consisting of 12 episodes.
The Two Sides of the Smothers Brothers (released September 1, 1962 on Mercury Records) is the second comedy album by the Smothers Brothers.  Side 1 (tracks 1-6) consisted of comedy and was recorded at The Crystal Palace in St. Louis during a live performance.  Side 2 (tracks 7-12) was recorded at the Bell Sound Studios in New York City with a full orchestra and represented the singing side of the boys. The Two Sides of the Smothers Brothers reached number 26 on the Billboard Pop Albums chart.
Samuel Jacob Beck (1896–1980[1]) was an American psychologist who worked on personality assessment and the Rorschach test.[2]
Appomattox Manor is a former plantation house in Hopewell, Virginia, United States. It is best known as the Union headquarters during the Siege of Petersburg in 1864–65.
The Tell al-Rimah stela or the Stele of Adad-nirari III is a victory stele of Adad-nirari III which may include a reference to an early king of Samaria as "Jehoash the Samarian"[1][2] which would be the first cuneiform mention of Samaria by that name.[3]
The Bell Aerosystems Lunar Landing Research Vehicle (LLRV, nicknamed the Flying Bedstead)[1] was a Project Apollo era program to build a simulator for the Moon landings. The LLRVs were used by the FRC, now known as the NASA Armstrong Flight Research Center, at Edwards Air Force Base, California, to study and analyze piloting techniques needed to fly and land the Apollo Lunar Module in the Moon's low gravity environment.[2]
Benjamin Eli Smith, L.H.D. (February 7, 1857 – March 18, 1913)[1] was an American editor and the son of Eli Smith.  Born in Beirut, Ottoman Empire (now Beirut, Lebanon), he graduated from Amherst College (A.B., 1877; A.M., 1881), earning the degree of L.H.D. in 1902.  He was managing editor of the first edition of the Century Dictionary, and editor-in-chief of the revised edition after the death of editor William Dwight Whitney in 1894.  As the editor, he was also responsible  for the Century Cyclopedia of Names (1894), the Century Atlas (1897), the two-volume Century Dictionary Supplement (1909), and the revised and enlarged Century Dictionary, Cyclopedia, and Atlas (twelve volumes, 1911).  He translated Schwegler's History of Philosophy and Cicero's De Amicitia, as well as edited selections from other works.
Fuzztastic Planet Festival is a rock festival held in Prosotsani, Drama, Greece. It is one of the most well-known[citation needed] music festivals in Greece. The festival's history begins back in 2013. The festival held in one of the most beautiful landscapes in Northern Greece, a lavish piece of nature surrounded by the ranges of mount Falakro, the Kokkinogia Lake .
Eugène-Louis Hauvette-Besnault (5 February 1820 – 28 June 1888) was a 19th-century French Indologist.
Tambaga is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Kita in the Kayes Region of south-western Mali. The commune contains 10 villages[2] and in the 2009 census had a population of 11,152.[1]
The Last Days of Colonel Savath is a 1995 Cambodian short film drama directed by Norodom Sihanouk.

Jack C. Mancino (born as Balogh Csaba in 1968 in Hungary), is a contemporary Abstract Expressionist Painter, Graphic Artist, Photographer, Actor, Director, Musician living in the United Kingdom England.
Punkt is a studio album by Canadian Québécois Pierre Lapointe, released by Audiogram on 26 February 2013.[1] The album was long listed for the 2013 Polaris Music Prize.[citation needed]
Papiya Nunatak (Bulgarian: нунатак Папия, ‘Nunatak Papiya’ \'nu-na-tak pa-'pi-ya\) is the rocky hill rising to 666 m[1] in the south foothills of Detroit Plateau on Nordenskjöld Coast in Graham Land, Antarctica, north of the terminus of Drygalski Glacier. It is surmounting Kladorub Glacier to the northeast and Vrachesh Glacier to the southwest.
Fighter Squadron 194 or VF-194 was a short-lived aviation unit of the United States Navy established on 18 May 1955 and disestablished on 10 April 1958. It was the second US Navy squadron to be designated VF-194.[1]
Gleison Rezende Vilela (born 28 December 1984), known as Gleison, is a Brazilian professional footballer playing for Nea Salamina in Cypriot First Division as a striker.
The Western Han dynasty imperial tombs (西汉帝陵; Xīhàn dìlíng) are a series of eleven imperial burial grounds from the Chinese Western Han Dynasty (206 BC–24 AD) in Shaanxi Province. Two of the emperor's mausoleums are located southeast of today's Xi'an, which was then the capital of the Western Han Dynasty, Chang'an,[1] and the other nine mausoleums are located in a string of pearls in an east-west direction north of the Wei River in Xianyang Prefecture north of Xi'an. The line of tombs stretches from Xingping in the west to Pingling in the east.[2] The nine burial areas can be roughly divided into three districts: the eastern one around Changling with Anling and Yangling, the western one with Maoling and Pingling and the central district around Weiling with Yanling, Yiling and Kangling.[2] There were officially thirteen emperors who ruled the Western Han Dynasty. Empress Dowager Lü does not have her own tomb but is buried together in Changling with Liu Bang. It is unclear where the last emperor of the Western Han Dynasty, Ruzi Ying, is buried.[3] The construction of the tomb complexes usually started during the respective emperor's second year as regent.[4]

John Gayer (by 1532 – 1571 or later), of St Mawes and Trenbrace in St Keverne, Cornwall, was an English lawyer and politician.
The Order of the Belt of Hope was a knighthood order which was founded in 1389 by King Charles VI of France  and dedicated it to "Our Lady who bring back home the lost hunters".[This quote needs a citation]
Léon Benett (born Hippolyte Léon Benet; 1839–1916) was a French painter and illustrator. He was born in Orange, Provence. He changed his name to "Léon Benett" to differentiate his career in the French administration from his work as a draftsman.
Maria Orav (born 7 April 1996) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a defender for Tallinna Kalev and the Estonia women's national team.[3]
Daniel Omielańczuk (born August 31, 1982) is a Polish professional mixed martial artist and kickboxer currently competing in the heavyweight division of Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki (KSW). A professional MMA competitor since 2009, he has competed for the UFC, Absolute Championship Akhmat, and Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki. He is currently ranked #5 in the KSW heavyweight rankings.[2]

Steven "Steve" A. Morrow is an American production sound mixer. Morrow has been nominated for the Academy Award for Best Sound or Best Achievement in Sound Mixing a total of three times for his work on La La Land, A Star is Born, and Ford v Ferrari. He has been nominated for three BAFTA Film Awards for Best Sound for La La Land, A Star is Born, and Ford v Ferrari.

Cuthbert Welby Pugin (2 June 1840 – 25 March 1928)[1] was an English architect and businessman.
WAZO (107.5 FM, "Z107.5") is a radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format.[1] Licensed to Southport, North Carolina, United States, the station serves the Wilmington area.[2] WAZO is currently owned by Capitol Broadcasting Company.
The 2013 Women's Junior Volleyball World Championship was held in Czech Republic, for ten days between from 21 to 30 June 2013. This was the first edition of the tournament that features 20 teams.[1]

The island of Cebu in the Philippines is home to various species of reptiles and amphibians. Supsup, et al. (2016) recorded a total of 13 amphibian species and 63 reptile species.

Norman Leslie (died 29 August 1554), was a 16th-century Scottish nobleman. The leader of the party which assassinated Cardinal Beaton, he was forced to flee Scotland, serving the monarchs of England and France. He died serving the latter in 1554.
The canton of Saint-Dizier-3 is an administrative division of the Haute-Marne department, northeastern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Saint-Dizier.[1]
The 16 Great Turkic Empires (Turkish: 16 Büyük Türk Devleti, which translates as "16 Great Turkic States") is a concept in Turkish ethnic nationalism, introduced in 1969 by Akib Özbek, map officer[2] and widely invoked by Turkish authorities during the 1980s, under the government of Kenan Evren.[3]
Francesco Cerabona (Aliano, 9 December 1882 – Naples, 26 July 1963) was an Italian politician, who served as Minister of Communications of the Kingdom of Italy in the Badoglio II and Bonomi II Cabinets, and as Minister of Transport in the Bonomi III Cabinet. 
Taleqani Mahalleh (Persian: طالقاني محله, also Romanized as Ţālqeānī Maḩalleh) is a village in Esfivard-e Shurab Rural District, in the Central District of Sari County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,193, in 301 families.[1]
Channel 24 (Hebrew: ערוץ 24),  formally known as Music 24 (Hebrew: מוזיקה 24), is an Israeli free-to-air television channel owned by Telad, which was launched on July 20, 2003 and broadcasts music videos by Israeli musicians. Apart from music videos, the channel has different music-related shows, including interviews with musicians, live performances, music-oriented talk shows and programs which are dedicated to a specific genre of music.
Royal St. George's College (RSGC) is an independent school for boys located in The Annex neighbourhood of Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The school admits boys from Grades 3 through 12. Founded in 1961[1] as an Anglican choir school in the tradition of the great collegiate and cathedral choir schools in the United Kingdom, the school admitted its first students in 1964. It is the only pre-university school in Canada authorized to use the "Royal" designation, and it houses the historic Chapel of St. Alban-the-Martyr.
Comparison is a feature in the morphology or syntax of some languages whereby adjectives and adverbs are rendered  in an inflected or periphrastic way to indicate a comparative degree, property, quality, or quantity of a corresponding word,  phrase, or clause. A superlative construction expresses the greatest quality, quantity, or degree relative to all other comparators.

The USC Trojans football team competes as part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS), representing the University of Southern California in the Pac-12 Conference (Pac-12). Since the establishment of the team in 1888, USC has appeared in 55 bowl games, with a record of 35-20. The Trojans appeared in 34 Rose Bowls, winning 25, both records for the bowl.
Rostamabad (Persian: رستم اباد, also Romanized as Rostamābād and Rūstamābād; also known as Rostamābād-e Ālākīk)[1] is a village in Sagezabad Rural District, in the Central District of Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 564, in 169 families.[2]
The Indian Journal of Medical Research is a peer-reviewed online open-access medical journal,[1] available as a print-on-demand compilation.[2] It is published by Medknow Publications on behalf of the Indian Council of Medical Research.[1] Since 1977, it has been published monthly with six issues per volume.[3] The journal publishes original "technical and clinical studies related to health, ethical and social issues" in biomedical research[1] as well as narrative and evidence-based review articles.[4] The current editor-in-chief is Anju Sharma[5] (Indian Council of Medical Research),[6] who took up the position in January 2012 after previously having served in associate editor positions.[7] In addition to regular issues, the journal publishes special issues and supplements,[1] with the latter published under a different ISSN.[8]
This is a list of Academy Award winners and nominees from Germany.
Muñecos de Papel is the first soundtrack album to the telenovela Alcanzar una estrella II, released in 1991. It includes the first opening song for the telenovela, "Estrella de Ilusion", performed by Zarabanda, as well as the second opening song "Muñeco de Papel", performed by the fictional band Muñecos de Papel (Sasha, Ricky Martin, Bibi Gaytan, Marisa de Lille, Pedro Fernández, Angelica Rivera and Erick Rubin). 
The 2008–09 FIBA Americas League was the second edition of the first-tier and most important professional international club basketball competition in the regions of South America, Central America, the Caribbean, and Mexico, with the winner of the competition being crowned as the best team and champion of all of those regions. It began on December 4. The first stage was a round robin phase, with four teams in each group. Each of the groups were played in different cities, (Arecibo, Mar del Plata, Sunchales, and Xalapa). The first team from each group advanced to the Final 4 round-robin stage that took place in the city of Xalapa, Mexico.
"Scream" is a song by Russian singer Sergey Lazarev. It was Russia's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 in Tel Aviv, Israel.[1][2] It was performed during the second semi-final on 16 May, and qualified for the final, where it finished in third place with 370 points.
Bloodstained Memoirs is a professional wrestling documentary released online via an official stream in 2009. It is compiled by interviews featuring wrestlers synonymous with different eras in wrestling (1970s to 2000s) and different wrestling regions (United States, Canada, Japan and Mexico). Production was filmed in the UK, U.S., France, Japan and Italy. When interviewed for Fighting Spirit magazine, director David Sinnott stated, "I don't intend this film to be negative. It's too easy to sell people bad news."[1]
Pasapalabra is a Spanish television game show, adapted from the British format The Alphabet Game. The title is a portmanteau of the Spanish verb pasar, "pass", and palabra, literally "word".
Israel Bar-On (Hebrew: ישראל בר-און; born January 31, 1989) is an Israeli singer. He won Israel's Kokhav Nolad (A Star is Born) song contest in 2008.
Experiments directed toward developing fusion power are invariably done with dedicated machines which can be classified according to the principles they use to confine the plasma fuel and keep it hot.
In 2020 NASCAR will sanction four national series:
Agriculture in Svalbard – the archipelago containing the world's northernmost permanently inhabited settlements – has a short history, and remains a minor economic factor, but has nonetheless had a culturally and socially significant role, as well as an ecologic impact. Svalbard is home to the Global Seed Vault, which serves to protect the world's biological and agricultural diversity.
Polar Permaculture Solutions, AS was formed in January 2015. Polar Permaculture has been focused on producing locally grown food in town, and also with composting food waste.
Kingfisher was a sloop engaged in merchant trading out of Victoria, British Columbia, Canada to First Nations peoples around Vancouver Island and adjoining waters. During trading with the Ahousaht Nation, a part of the Nuu-chah-nulth in Clayoquot Sound late in 1864 the vessel was attacked and its captain, a Captain Stephenson, and three crew members were massacred.  HMS Devastation, a small gunboat, was dispatched to the scene but due to overwhelming superiority of Ahousaht forces waited for reinforcements, which came in the form of the screw frigate HMS Sutlej and its fifty guns.  Holding offshore from Marktosis, one of the main Ahousaht communities, Admiral Denman, commander of the vessel, demanded the surrender of Chapchah, who had masterminded the killings.  When the residents refused, Denman opened fire on the village, destroying it.  Subsequently, the village of Moyat and others were destroyed by shellfire and incendiary rockets from Sutlej.
Hawkesbury is a Franco-Ontarian city in Prescott-Russell county in Eastern Ontario, Canada. The vast majority of its 10,550 inhabitants are francophone.
Skubiszewski may refer to:
Shahrixon (Uzbek: Shahrixon, Шаҳрихон, Russian: Шахрихан, romanized: Shakhrikhan) is a city in Andijan Region, Uzbekistan. It is the administrative center of Shahrixon District.[2] Its population was 45,200 in 1989,[3] and 71,400 in 2016.[1]
Emilio Magistretti (1851 in Milan – 1936) was an Italian painter.
The following is a list of characters from the DreamWorks animated film media franchise Kung Fu Panda. The franchise includes a film trilogy (Kung Fu Panda, Kung Fu Panda 2, and Kung Fu Panda 3), a series of shorts and television specials, three television shows (Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness, Kung Fu Panda: The Paws of Destiny and Kung Fu Panda: The Dragon Knight), a series of digital comics, and multiple video games.
The 2020 Copa do Brasil Finals was the final two-legged tie that decided the 2020 Copa do Brasil, the 32nd season of the Copa do Brasil, Brazil's national cup football tournament organised by the Brazilian Football Confederation.
Samding Dorje Phagmo
The Jaccard index, also known as the Jaccard similarity coefficient, is a statistic used for gauging the similarity and diversity of sample sets. It was developed by Grove Karl Gilbert in 1884 as his ratio of verification (v)[1] and now is frequently referred to as the Critical Success Index in meteorology.[2] It was later developed independently by Paul Jaccard, originally giving the French name coefficient de communauté,[3] and independently formulated again by T. Tanimoto.[4] Thus, the Tanimoto index or Tanimoto coefficient are also used in some fields. However, they are identical in generally taking the ratio of Intersection over Union. The Jaccard coefficient measures similarity between finite sample sets, and is defined as the size of the intersection divided by the size of the union of the sample sets:
Grand and General Council elections were held in San Marino on 25 March 1906.[1]
The Sri Lanka Air Force Women's Wing was formed in 1983 which contains the female members of the Sri Lanka Air Force, both airwomen and lady officers. Only unmarried women can join. Members of this wing serve in the same roles as their male counterparts, including combat roles.[1][2]  Women were first admitted to the Sri Lanka Air Force in 1972 when female officers joined the Volunteer Air Force.[3]  The Women's Wing was formed on 1983 with the assistance of Women's Royal Air Force (Britain).[1] Initially, women could not become pilots.[3]  However, in 1998 women were recruited to train for the elite pilots' wing to replace losses to the Tamil Tigers in their insurgency.  800 women applied for the 33 available places to fly transport planes.[4]
Officers Commanding include:
Despair, Inc is a company based in Austin, Texas, that produces posters and souvenirs that satirize the motivational indoctrination common in corporate environments.[2][3][4][5]
The 2020 Lockdown was a scheduled professional wrestling Impact Plus event produced by Impact Wrestling in conjunction with Border City Wrestling, on March 28, 2020 at the St. Clair College in Windsor, Ontario, Canada. The event was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The gogona is a type of jaw harp, a vibrating reed instrument that is used primarily in the traditional Bihu music in Assam. In Boro language, it is known as Gongina.[1] It is made of a piece of bamboo/horn that has a bifurcation on one end. The solid end is gripped with the teeth and the free ends are then struck repeatedly with the fingers to emit the distinctive sound of the gogona. It was originally developed in ancient China(Kouxian) and passed on to the Sino-Tibetan tribes who migrated to Assam, now chiefly used by the Sadiyal Kacharis(Chutias, Deoris, Sonowals).
George Gilliam Steele Sr. (April 1, 1798 – October 21, 1855) was an American architect in Huntsville, Alabama.
Cherryhill Township is a township in Indiana County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was named for Cherry Hill Manor, which was surveyed to the Penns. The population was 2,477 at the 2020 census.[2] It includes the communities of Buck Run, Hustonville, Ideal, Kenwood, Manor, Manver, Mitchell's Mills (previously Diamondville), Penn Run (previously Greenville), Pikes Peak, Rembrandt, Sample Run, and Weimer.[3] The township surrounds but does not include the borough of Clymer.
Sojourner Truth is a public artwork by Canadian sculptor Artis Lane, located in Emancipation Hall at the United States Capitol Visitor Center in Washington, D.C. It was the first statue honoring an African-American woman in the U.S. Capitol building.
37°19′59″N 110°59′28″W﻿ / ﻿37.333°N 110.991°W﻿ / 37.333; -110.991
Election Markup Language (EML) is an XML-based standard to support end to end management of election processes.
Åsele (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈǒːsɛlɛ])[2] is a locality and the seat of Åsele Municipality in Västerbotten County, province of Lapland, Sweden with 1,798 inhabitants in 2010.[1] Its elevation is 313 m (1027 ft).
Xiaodongmen Station (Chinese: 小东门站), is a station on Line 7 of the Wuhan Metro. It entered revenue service on October 1, 2018. It is located in Wuchang District.[1][2]
Jens Beutel (12 July 1946 – 8 May 2019) was a German judge and politician. A member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD), he served as Oberbürgermeister (mayor) of Mainz, the state capital of Rheinland-Pfalz, from 1997 to 2011. During his tenure, the city improved especially by building projects, including the new synagogue, and new parks.

Hillary Hawkins is an American actress. She introduced shows such as Dora the Explorer, Bob the Builder, and Little Bill on TV everyday as Robyn, Host of the Nick Jr. block.[1] She also was a Host for Radio Disney.[2]
Cleinias (Ancient Greek: Κλεινίας), father of Alcibiades,[1] brother of Axiochus, and member of the Alcmaeonidae family, was an Athenian who married Deinomache, the daughter of Megacles, and became the father of the famous Alcibiades. Plutarch tells us that he traced his family line back to Eurysaces, the son of Telamonian Ajax. Cleinias died at the Battle of Coronea in 447 BC.
The Timothy Bradley House is a historic house at 12 Bradley Street in Branford, Connecticut.  Probably built c. 1730, it is one of Branford's handful of surviving 18th-century houses.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.[1]
The Battle of Jandiala took place in December 1764 between the Durrani Empire and the Sikhs Misls during Ahmad Shah Abdali's seventh campaign into India. Ahmad Shah Abdali and his army marched towards Jandiala and as soon as they reached near the town, the Sikhs opposed them and a battle took place where the Afghans were defeated and the Afghan commander Rahim Khan Bakhshi was killed.[2]
Rance Hood is an Oklahoma Native artist who echoes traditional Native American culture in his paintings. A self-taught artist, Hood was raised by his maternal grandparents who exposed him to Comanche Indian ways and values.[1]
Thomas Steven Ashford (born December 4, 1954) is a former Major League Baseball third baseman. He was drafted second overall (to Roy Smalley III) in the 1974 January Draft by the San Diego Padres. In addition to the Padres, Ashford also played for the Texas Rangers (1980), New York Yankees (1981), New York Mets (1983) and Kansas City Royals (1984).
Charles IV in his Hunting Clothes is an oil on canvas painting of 1799 by the Spanish artist Francisco Goya, the second of his two portraits of King Charles IV of Spain.[1]
Sorte Nula is a Portuguese film directed by Fernando Fragata. It stars António Feio and was the highest-grossing Portuguese film in 2004.[1]
Kounyanetme is a village in the Doufelgou Prefecture in the Kara Region of north-eastern Togo.[1]
Podzamczysk [pɔˈd͡zamt͡ʂɨsk] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Czarna Białostocka, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
Boesch is a surname. Notable people with the name include:
Vallo Reimaa (born 8 May 1961) is an Estonian politician of the Pro Patria and Res Publica Union. He was born in Kose, Harjumaa.
Weird-Ohs is a computer-animated television series produced by Decode Entertainment, Mainframe Entertainment and EM.TV in association with the Testors Corporation. The show was originally aired in 1999 until 2000 on Fox Family (now Freeform) in the United States and YTV in Canada. Only 13 episodes of the series were ever produced (with one season).[2]
J. Kathryn Bock is currently professor of psychology and linguistics at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign in Champaign, Illinois, where she conducts research in the Language Production Laboratory at the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology in Urbana, Illinois.[1]
The Barcelona Royal Shipyard (Catalan: Drassanes Reials de Barcelona, Spanish: Atarazanas Reales de Barcelona) is a shipyard and former military building of Gothic architecture placed at the Port Vell area of the Port of Barcelona. Nowadays it houses the Barcelona Maritime Museum. Construction started during the 13th century under the rule of Peter III of Aragon. During excavations in 2012[1][2][3]
it was discovered that in the late 16th century a new building was constructed on top of the old medieval dockyard, giving the building its current structure. This excavations also uncovered a Roman graveyard. The shipyard's restoration was finished in early 2013. The museum was reopened in 2014.
Belal Mabrouk (born 2 August 1984) is an Egyptian handball player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.[1]
Sopio Tkeshelashvili (also spelled Tqeshelashvili; born 23 October 1979) is a Georgian chess player who holds the FIDE title of Woman Grandmaster.
Pierre-Charles Le Mettay (19 July 1726, Fécamp - 29 March 1759, Paris) was a French painter, primarily of mythological scenes, and designer. His last name has several spelling variations and his first name is sometimes given as Pierre-Joseph.
Lonsdale Sports Arena was a one-third mile (0.54 km) high-banked paved oval race track located 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Pawtucket, Rhode Island, on Mendon Road (Rhode Island Route 122) in Cumberland, Rhode Island, on the banks of the Blackstone River.  Ironically, its location near the river would prove a key factor in its ultimate demise. The track operated from 1947 to 1956. Its name was a reference to the Lonsdale historic district in the towns of Cumberland and Lincoln. A Stop & Shop plaza now occupies where the arena was.
The International Listening Association (ILA) is an organization developed to promote the study, development, and teaching of listening.[1]
The association is “dedicated to learning more about the impact that listening has on all human activity.[2]” The ILA was founded in 1979 in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. The ILA holds annual conferences throughout the US and chooses locations outside of the US every three to five years.[3] Conference presenters have included people of varied backgrounds related to listening to provide a full range of interesting perspectives on listening, for example: communication professors, corporate trainers, audiologists, musicians, researchers and more.[3]
Ellenberger is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Amsterdam Tigers are an ice hockey team in Amsterdam, Netherlands, playing in the First Division.
Mainxe (French pronunciation: ​[mɛ̃ks]) is a former commune in the Charente department in southwestern France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune Mainxe-Gondeville.[2]
Gayang-daero (Korean: 가양대로) is a road located in Gyeonggi Province and Seoul, South Korea. With a total length of 2.2 km (1.4 mi), this road starts from the Gayang Bridge Interchange in Mapo District, Seoul to Susaek Bridge Intersection in Eunpyeong District.

The following is a list of 2019 UCI Women's Teams and riders for the 2019 women's road cycling season.[1]

The Pilot Training Squadron based at RNZAF Base Ohakea, and trained RNZAF pilots from 1966 until 2015.
Ignacio Pérez Sierra (19 December 1934 – 16 November 2009) was a Colombian footballer. He was a member of the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup which was held in Chile.
 Great Britain
Originally written in kanji as 硬派 (lit. "the hard school"), with the character 硬 (lit. "hard"), Kōha refers to the group or people with the features of "hard", "strong," or "tough". In the Meiji era, the opposite word to kōha was nanpa.
The separation of mechanism and policy[1] is a design principle in computer science.  It states that mechanisms (those parts of a system implementation that control the authorization of operations and the allocation of resources) should not dictate (or overly restrict) the policies according to which decisions are made about which operations to authorize, and which resources to allocate.
Eleanor Josephine Medill "Cissy" Patterson, Countess Gizycki (November 7, 1881 – July 24, 1948) was an American journalist and newspaper editor, publisher and owner.  Patterson was one of the first women to head a major daily newspaper, the Washington Times-Herald in Washington, D.C.
 Jürgen Banzer  (born 17 April 1955, in Würzburg) is a German politician. He is a representative of the German Christian Democratic Union[1] and minister for work, family and health in the administration of Roland Koch in Hesse.

William Baillie (1752/3–Calcutta 1799) was a British artist working in India in the late 18th century.
Robinson 77, formerly SIA Building,[4] is a high-rise skyscraper located in the central business district of Singapore. The building is located on 77 Robinson Road, just next to DBS Building Tower One and Two.[5] The SIA Building was the flagship building for Singapore Airlines. The airline head office is not located in this building; it is and has been located at Airline House in Changi.[6][7]

Pei Chin Bibiana (Chinese: 黄佩琴; born 16 June 1977, in Langkawi, Malaysia) is a Malaysian sport shooter. Pei has been a practicing shooter since 1994 and began competing in the same year. She competed at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi, Winning a gold medal in the 10m air pistol individual event.[1]
Pleistarchus (Greek: Πλείσταρχος Pleistarchos; died c. 458 BC) was the Agiad King of Sparta from 480 to 458 BC.[2]
The Downtown Oakville Jazz Festival is an annual jazz festival in Oakville, Ontario that has taken place since 1993. The festival is produced by volunteers and coordinated by the Downtown Oakville Business Improvement Area. It is funded by the BIA and other sponsors to make the outdoor festival free to the public.
The 1974–75 NBA season was the 29th season of the National Basketball Association. The season ended with the Golden State Warriors winning the NBA Championship, sweeping the Washington Bullets 4 games to 0 in the NBA Finals.
"Be There for Me Baby" is a song written by Tommy Rocco and Charlie Black, and recorded by American country music artist Johnny Lee.  It was released in January 1982 as the second single from the album Bet Your Heart on Me.  The song reached number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.[1]

Eric Sutherland (died 1768) was the 4th Lord Duffus, member of the Scottish nobility and a cadet of the Clan Sutherland.
42°40′40″N 24°44′2″E﻿ / ﻿42.67778°N 24.73389°E﻿ / 42.67778; 24.73389
Marquette is a town in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 481 at the 2000 census. The Village of Marquette is located within the town.
Kunizō Yoneyama (米山 国蔵, 1877–1968) was a Japanese mathematician at Kyoto University working in topology. In 1917, he published the construction of the Lakes of Wada, which he named after his teacher Takeo Wada, to whom he credited the discovery.[1]
Kristine Hildebrandt is an American linguist who is known for her research into Tibeto-Burman languages and languages of the Himalayas. Her work focuses on the Nar-Phu and Gurung languages and other languages of the Manang District of Nepal,[1][2] with an expertise in phonetics.
Flahavan's is an Irish milling company which has been run by the Flahavan family since about 1785 located in the village of Kilmacthomas. The current chairman is John Flahavan.[1][2][3][4]
Countess Maria Theodora Paulina (Dora) Pejačević (Hungarian: Gróf verőczei Pejácsevich Mária Theodóra Paulina "Dóra", 10 September 1885 – 5 March 1923) was a Croatian composer and a member of the Pejačević noble family of Bulgarian origin . She was one of the composers to introduce the orchestral song to Croatian music[1] and her Symphony in F-sharp minor is considered by scholars to be the first modern symphony in Croatian music.[2]
Tobacco Road is the second studio album by Seattle-based hip-hop duo Common Market.  It was released on September 9, 2008, via Hyena Records and Massline Media.[6]  The album's title is a reference to the tobacco-producing region of North Carolina.
"Walking on Thin Ice" is a song by Yoko Ono, released in 1981. She and John Lennon concluded the recording of the song on December 8, 1980. It was upon their return from the recording studio to The Dakota (their home in New York City) that Lennon was murdered by Mark David Chapman. Lennon was clutching a tape of a final mix of the song before it was mastered when he was shot.

This is a list of programs currently and soon to be broadcast by Globo News, the news channel of the Brazilian network Globo.
Yopougon FC is an Ivorian football club based in Yopougon. Currently, the club formerly known as Oryx FC de Yopougon plays in Ivory Coast's second Division Poule Abidjan.
Unstoppable (Spanish: Desenfrenadas) is a Mexican drama streaming television series that premiered on Netflix on 28 February 2020.[1] It stars Tessa Ía, Bárbara López, Lucía Uribe, and Coty Camacho.[2]
Local elections were held in Denmark on 20 November 2001. 4647 municipal council members were elected to 275 municipal councils, as well as members of 14 counties (Danish, Amtskommune , literally County Municipality) of Denmark. There were 14 counties and 275 municipalities, but the county of Bornholm was merged with its 5 constituent municipalities 1 January 2003 to form Bornholm Regional Municipality. The voters of Bornholm voted in these elections in the soon to be dissolved municipalities and county, but later elected the councillors in a local election 29 May 2002 to lead the newly formed municipality from January 2003. The county and county council of Bornholm just continued its work until 2002 while the new Bornholm Regional Municipality was being built from the 6 old entities. From 1 January 2003 until 31 December 2006, Bornholm was both a municipality and a county, thereafter becoming a part of Region Hovedstaden and losing most of its county privileges.
Fausto Olivares Palacios (1940–1995) was an Andalusian painter born in Jaén.[1] He studied Fine Arts in Madrid. He traveled to Paris and other cities in Europe before returning to Jaén in 1966, where he taught drawing and painting at the School of Arts and Crafts (now School of Art Joseph Nogué), where he served later as director.
The Toyota UZ engine family is a gasoline[1] fueled 32-valve quad-camshaft V8 piston engine series used in Toyota's luxury offerings and sport utility vehicles.[2] Three variants have been produced: the 1UZ-FE, 2UZ-FE, and 3UZ-FE. Production spanned 24 years, from 1989 to mid 2013, ending with the final production of the 3UZ-FE-powered Toyota Crown Majesta I-FOUR.[3] Toyota's UZ engine family was replaced by the UR engine family.

Sir John Maria Emilio Gatti (13 August 1872 – 14 September 1929) was an Anglo-Swiss theatre manager, restaurateur and businessman who was also a prominent Conservative politician in London local government.[1]
Boris Evgenievich Maliutin (Maljutin, Malyutin, Malutin) (1883–1920) was a chess master.
Neudorf is a former municipality in the district of Sursee in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland.  On 1 January 2013 the former municipality of Neudorf merged into the municipality of Beromünster.[1]
A Foreign Affair is an album by American jazz fusion band Spyro Gyra. The album is the story of five men and their love affair with music. The album contains a Hindi song Khuda sung by Arijit Singh, composed by Sandeep Chowta and co-produced by Chowta and Spyro Gyra. It is the first time a Western group has released a song with lyrics entirely in Hindi.[2]
The Alabama Department of Youth Services School District[1] is the school district of the Alabama Department of Youth Services, located in Mount Meigs, Alabama. Dr. John Stewart is the superintendent.
The 1985 South American Under-16 Football Championship (Spanish: Campeonato Sudamericano Sub-16 Argentina 1985, Brazilian Portuguese: Campeonato Sul-Americano Sub-16 Argentina 1985) was the inaugural edition of the South American Under-17 Football Championship, a football competition for the under-16 national teams in South America organized by CONMEBOL. It was held in Argentina from 1–22 April 1985.
Charlo (also Charlot; Sɫm̓xẹ Q̓woxq̣eys [Claw of the Little Grizzly or Small Grizzly-Bear Claw]) (c. 1830–1910) was head chief of the Bitterroot Salish from 1870 to 1910.  Charlo followed a policy of peace with the American settlers in Southwestern Montana and with the soldiers at nearby Fort Missoula.[1][2]
The San Diego Class 1 streetcar was a fleet of twenty-four unique streetcars that were originally built to provide transportation for the Panama-California Exposition in Balboa Park. The cars were designed by the San Diego Electric Railway Company (SDERy) under the leadership of John D. Spreckels and built by the St. Louis Car Company (SLCCo). These cars, which took the best elements from preceding models and integrated them into a new, modern streetcar design, went on to serve the many neighborhoods of San Diego until they were retired in 1939.
Björn Dahlbäck (born 1949) is a Swedish physician, medical researcher, and professor of clinical chemistry, specializing in hematology and the molecular mechanisms of blood coagulation.[1] He determined that activated protein C (APC) resistance is the most common inherited risk factor of venous thrombosis.
The Triennial 2016 was the Triennial sanctioned by the Bureau of International Expositions (BIE) in the Italian city of Milan.[1] Its theme was 21st century. Design after Design.
The James Alvis House at 1311 Pole Line Rd. in Twin Falls in Twin Falls County, Idaho was built in 1918.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
The Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Railway was a railway company that operated in the U.S. states of Kentucky, Tennessee, Alabama, and Georgia. It began as the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, chartered in Nashville on December 11, 1845, built to 5 ft (1,524 mm) gauge[2] and was the first railway to operate in the state of Tennessee.[3]
By the turn of the twentieth century, the NC&StL grew into one of the most important railway systems in the southern United States.[4]: iii, Dedication 
Lewak is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Legion of Terror is a 1936 American drama/action film, directed by Charles C. Coleman. The film, which stars Bruce Cabot, Marguerite Churchill, Ward Bond, and Crawford Weaver,[1] is a fictionalized story about the real-life Ku Klux Klan splinter group called the Black Legion of the 1930s. It was inspired by the May 1935 murder in Michigan of Charles Poole, a Works Progress Administration worker.
Shenyang Dongjin Football Club (simplified Chinese: 沈阳东进; traditional Chinese: 瀋陽東進; pinyin: Shěnyáng Dōngjìn) was a Chinese football club based in Shenyang, Liaoning and their home stadium is the Shenyang Urban Construction University Stadium that has a seating capacity of 12,000.
Jan Andrlík (born 17 May 1977 in Prague) is a Czech sprint canoeist who competed in the early 2000s. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, he was disqualified in the semifinals of the K-2 1000 m event.
José Carmen Arturo Alcántara Rojas (born 16 July 1959) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the Institutional Revolutionary Party. As of 2014 he served as Deputy of the LIX Legislature of the Mexican Congress as a plurinominal representative.[1]
A Lotto carpet is a hand-knotted, patterned Turkish carpet that was produced primarily during the 16th and 17th centuries along the Aegean coast of Anatolia, Turkey, although it was also copied in various parts of Europe.  It is characterized by a lacy arabesque, usually in yellow on a red ground, often with blue details.  The name "Lotto carpet" refers to the inclusion of carpets with this pattern in paintings by the 16th-century Venetian painter Lorenzo Lotto, although they appear in many earlier Oriental carpets in Renaissance painting.
Brad Willis (also known as Bhava Ram) (born August 27, 1949) is a former NBC News foreign correspondent, author, musician and teacher.  As a journalist, Willis was the recipient of the Alfred I. duPont–Columbia University Award for his work from inside Afghanistan during the Soviet Occupation in 1986.[1] Since retiring from journalism due to a broken back and failed surgery, Willis has focused on Vedic wisdom, teaching and writing about ayurveda and yoga.
Edris Roushan Rice-Wray (January 21, 1904 in Newark, Essex County, New Jersey, United States – February 19, 1990 in San Andres Cholula, Puebla, Mexico), was a pioneer in medical research who helped to prove the worth of the oral contraceptive pill. Her work on the birth control injection pill is especially notable as medical research was influential in the creation of the birth control pill.[1][2] Rice-Way headed a large scale, clinical trial of the first birth control pill in the late 1950s in Puerto Rico.
The University Press of Mississippi (UPM), founded in 1970, is a university press that is sponsored by the eight state universities in Mississippi (i.e., Alcorn State University, Delta State University, Jackson State University, Mississippi State University, Mississippi University for Women, Mississippi Valley State University, University of Mississippi, and the University of Southern Mississippi),[2] making it one of the few university presses in the United States to have more than one affiliate university.[3]
Illusion of Blood (四谷怪談, Yotsuya kaidan, lit. "Yotsuya ghost story") is a 1965 Japanese drama and horror film directed by Shirō Toyoda.[1][2][3]
Yıldızlı (Kurdish: Kevneraz) is a village in the Kozluk District, Batman Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 220 (2021).[2]
Leslie is a village in west central Franklin County, Missouri, United States. The population was 171 at the 2010 census.
Filippo Nardi (born 3 March 1998) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Serie C Group B club Reggiana, on loan from Cremonese.[1]
Jenner's stain (methylene blue eosinate) is used in microscopy for staining blood smears. The stain is dark blue and results in very observable clearly stained nuclei.[1][2]
An Opele (spelled Opuele or Ocuele in Latin America) is a divination chain used in traditional African and Afro-American religions, notably in Ifá and Yoruba tradition.[1]
Pāora Taki (?–1897) was a notable New Zealand tribal leader and warrior. Of Māori descent, he identified with the Ngāi Tahu iwi.[1]
The 1999 Youngstown State Penguins football team was an American football team represented Youngstown State University in the Gateway Conference during the 1999 NCAA Division I-AA football season. In their 14th season under head coach Jim Tressel, the team compiled a 12–3 record (5–1 against conference opponents) and lost to Georgia Southern in the 1999 NCAA Division I-AA Football Championship Game.[1] It was Youngstown State's sixth appearance in the national championship game during the 1990s.
MRT 2 Sat  is a television channel in North Macedonia owned and operated by Macedonian Radio Television.[1]
The Reclamation Service Boise Project Office in Boise, Idaho, is a 2-story, L-shape Bungalow with entry at a porch on the inside corner. Finished in 1912, the building is constructed of brick with corbels separating basement, first, and second floors, and it includes segmented arch window openings. The low pitched roof includes four dormers.[2]
José Toral y Velázquez[a] (August 18, 1832 – July 10, 1904) was a Spanish Army general who was a divisional commander of IV Corps in Cuba during the Spanish–American War. He surrendered the city of Santiago de Cuba on July 17, 1898, after the Siege of Santiago.
The Alcorn School District is a public school district based in Alcorn County, Mississippi (USA). The district serves the towns of Farmington, Kossuth, Glen, and Rienzi as well as unincorporated areas of Alcorn County. This district was awarded the "A" rated status by the Mississippi Department of Education in the 2019-2020 school year and has continued to maintain that status. 
Athletics events at the 1994 South American Games were held at the Polideportivo Misael Delgado in Valencia, Venezuela.[1]  A total of 43 events were contested, 24 by men and 19 by women. 
Laurel Grove is an unincorporated community in Coos County, Oregon, United States.[1] It lies along U.S. Route 101 south of Bandon and east of Bandon State Natural Area.[2]
Middleport is the largest village in Meigs County, Ohio, along the Ohio River. The population was 2,208 at the time of the 2020 census.
Roberta Gropper (16 August 1897 - 1 February 1993) was a German Communist political activist who became a member of the Reichstag (national parliament) in 1930.[1]   In 1934 she fled to the Soviet Union where she fell victim to party factionalism and spent more than three years in a concentration camp:  this was followed by a Siberian exile.   She was able to return to Berlin in 1947 and became a mainstream politician in the German Democratic Republic (East Germany).[2][3]
The word Rheinpfeil was used to name a number of express trains that ran in Germany between the 1950s and 1991.  For much of that period, a train carrying the name Rheinpfeil also linked Germany with at least one neighbouring country.
The 1935 Washington University Bears football team was an American football team that represented Washington University in St. Louis as a member of the Missouri Valley Conference (MVC) during the 1935 college football season. In its fourth season under head coach Jimmy Conzelman, the team compiled a 6–4 record (3–0 against MVC opponents), tied for the MVC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 185 to 149.[1] The team played its home games at Francis Field in St. Louis.
Steven Galloway is an American politician from Montana. He is a Republican member of the Montana House of Representatives for district 24.[1]
Sem Lenço, sem Documento is a Brazilian telenovela produced and broadcast by Rede Globo. It premiered on 13 September 1977 and ended on 4 March 1978, with a total of 149 episodes. It is the twentieth "novela das sete" to be aired at the timeslot. It is created by  Mário Prata[2] and directed by Régis Cardoso with Dennis Carvalho.[3]
Mohammad Yahya bin Lampong is a Malaysian politician from PKR. He was the Member of Parliament for Kota Belud from 1982 to 1986 and Member of Sabah State Legislative Assembly for Tempasuk from 1985 to 1986. He was also the Deputy Minister of Rural Development.
The Roman Plague of 590 was an epidemic of plague that affected the city of Rome in the year 590.[1] Probably bubonic plague, it was part of the first plague pandemic that followed the great plague of Justinian, which began in the 540s and may have killed more than 100 million Europeans[2] before spreading to other parts of the world[3] and which lasted until the end of Late Antiquity. The plague was described by the bishop and chronicler Gregory of Tours and later chronicler Paul the Deacon.[1]
The Last Note (Greek: Το Τελευταίο Σημείωμα, translit. To Teleftaio Simeioma) is a 2017 Greek drama film directed by Pantelis Voulgaris.[1][2] It is based on the execution of 200 Greek political prisoners in reprisal for the killing of a German general by Greek partisans in 1944.
Akropolis (Greek: Ακρόπολις) was a Greek newspaper based in Athens. Between 1883 and 1921, it played a major part in the debate concerning the Greek language question, particularly in the events leading up to the Gospel Riots of 1901 in Athens.
Mohammadabad-e Shokur (Persian: محمدابادشكور, also Romanized as Moḩammadābād-e Shokūr; also known as Moḩammadābād, Moḩammadābād-e Eshkūl, Moḩammadābād-e Eshkūr, and Maḩmūdābād-e Shakūr)[1] is a village in Estabraq Rural District, in the Central District of Shahr-e Babak County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 683, in 166 families.[2]
Guillaume Marcoureau, better known as Brécourt, (10 February 1638 – 28 March 1685) was a 17th-century French playwright and actor.
Norman Edwin Himes (1899–1949) was an American sociologist and economist and Professor at Colgate University, known for his work on the medical history of contraception.[1][2][3]
Barometer Rising is a romantic-realist novel by Canadian author Hugh MacLennan. The work explores life in Halifax, Nova Scotia during World War I, and its interruption by the Halifax explosion. The narrative predominantly follows and pivots upon the romantic life of Penny Wain.
Edward Thomson (October 12, 1810 – March 21, 1870) was an American Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal Church (and therefore also of the United Methodist Church), elected in 1864.
Wabigoon Lake is a lake located in the Kenora District in northwestern Ontario, Canada. The community of Dryden (pop 8,198) is located on the north shore of the lake, and the primary inflow and outflow is the Wabigoon River. A dam built to provide power for the early pulp and paper company raised the original level of the lake by several feet and its current average depth is 19.6 feet (6.0 m), destroying a significant amount of the local timber and wild rice in the process.
The Protezione Civile (Civil Protection[1]), officially Dipartimento della Protezione Civile (Civil Protection Department), is the national body in Italy that deals with the prediction, prevention and management of emergency events. It was established in 1992 by legge 24 febbraio 1992, n. 225, which was updated in 2012, and it is supervised by the office of the Prime Minister. The duties of the Protezione Civile are to predict, prevent and manage at national level disasters and catastrophes, both natural and human-made. The main goal is to protect the sake of life, the properties, the settlements and the environment from damage and dangers.

Jackson County High School (JCHS) is a public high school which was established in 1967 and is located in the City of McKee, KY. It serves around 600 students in Jackson County, KY and McKee, KY in grades 9th through 12th. The school is located at the Jackson County Educational Complex which also consists of the Jackson County Area Technology Center, Jackson County Community Auditorium, a football stadium, baseball/softball fields, and the Jackson County Continuing Education Center.[1]
Matt Pond PA is a New York-based band formed in Philadelphia by singer-songwriter Matt Pond. It has released numerous LPs and numerous EPs between 1998 and 2021.
Lumma was a Mesopotamian god who could be portrayed as a warrior or as a farmer. He was also It has been proposed that he was originally understood as the deified form of historical king Eannatum of Lagash, but theory remains a matter of dispute among researchers. He could be paired with Ḫadaniš, and together they belonged to the group of deities associated with Enlil and the temple Ekur. The goddess Ninmug could be described as his mother. The worship of Lumma is best documented in Umma and Nippur. One of the kings of the former of these two cities bore the theophoric name Ur-Lumma.
Rioms is a commune in the Drôme department in southeastern France.
Sae Miyazawa (宮澤 佐江, Miyazawa Sae, born August 13, 1990 in Tokyo) is a Japanese actress, television personality and former singer, signed under the entertainment agency Horipro. She is best known for her affiliations with AKB48 and its various sister- and subgroups.[1] Between 2006 and 2016, she was a part of the promoting line up of 33 AKB48 and 4 SKE48 single releases.

James Marshall (1843 – 9 October 1912) was a member of the New Zealand Legislative Council.
The 5th New Hampshire Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.  The regiment has the unfortunate distinction of having sustained the greatest total loss in battles of any infantry or cavalry regiment in the Union Army, with a total of 295 killed and 756 wounded, for a total of 1,051 men.
Virginia Yrun is a former member of the Arizona State Senate. She served in the Senate from April 2001 until January 2003. She was appointed to the seat vacated upon the death of Andy Nichols on April 19, 2001.  She assumed the seat a week later on April 26.[1]: vii 
National Harmony Memorial Park is a private, secular cemetery located at 7101 Sheriff Road in Landover, Maryland, in the United States. Although racially integrated, most of the individuals interred there are African American. In 1960, the 37,000 graves of Columbian Harmony Cemetery in Washington, D.C., were transferred to National Harmony Memorial Park's Columbian Harmony section. In 1966, about 2,000 graves from Payne's Cemetery in D.C. were transferred to National Harmony Memorial Park as well.
A thermal imaging camera (colloquially known as a TIC) is a type of the thermographic camera used in firefighting.  By rendering infrared radiation as visible light, such cameras allow firefighters to see areas of heat through smoke, darkness, or heat-permeable barriers. Thermal imaging cameras are typically handheld, but may be helmet-mounted.  They are constructed using heat- and water-resistant housings, and ruggedized to withstand the hazards of fireground operations.
Daniel Ricardo Díaz (born 7 July 1989) is an Argentine road bicycle racer, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Transportes Puertas de Cuyo.[3]
The Tenjō-Yama Park Mt. Kachi Kachi Ropeway (天上山公園カチカチ山ロープウェイ, Tenjōyama Kōen Kachikachiyama Rōpuwei), officially the Lake Kawaguchi Mt. Tenjō Ropeway (河口湖天上山ロープウェイ, Kawaguchiko Tenjōyama Rōpuwei), is a Japanese aerial lift line in Fujikawaguchiko, Yamanashi, operated by Fuji Kyuko. Opened in 1959, the line climbs Mount Tenjō from the shores of Lake Kawaguchi, one of the Fuji Five Lakes. The line name comes from Kachi-kachi Yama (lit. "Mt. Kachikachi"), a folktale which took place on the mountain. The observatory has a view of the lake, as well as Aokigahara forest, and Mount Fuji.
Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station (Chinese: 纪念堂站) is a station on Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro that started operations on 29 December 2002. It is located under Dongfeng Middle Road (东风中路) and Lianxin Road (连新路) in the Yuexiu District of Guangzhou. The station is named for the Sun Yat Sen Memorial Hall, which was established in 1931 in memory of Dr. Sun Yat-Sen, the founder of the Republic of China.[1][2] The English name of the station is the same as that of Sun Yat-sen Memorial Hall Station in Taipei, Taiwan's Metro system.
The Ötillö (also Ö till Ö, stylised as ÖtillÖ) is a series of endurance swimrun competitions originating in Sweden.[1][2]
USS Worcester has been the name of three ships in the United States Navy.
Jacques Fabrice Herman Perk (10 June 1859 – 1 November 1881) was an important Dutch poet of the late 19th century, who died young. His crown of sonnets Mathilde, published by Willem Kloos, was the first important announcement of a renewal in Dutch poetry brought about by artists that came to be known as the Tachtigers. Perk's lyrical poems about nature, especially his sonnets, were influenced by Percy Bysshe Shelley, and were of great importance to Dutch poetry.
The City of Castle Pines is a home rule municipality located in Douglas County, Colorado, United States.[1] The city population was 11,036 at the 2020 United States Census.[5] Castle Pines is a part of the Denver–Aurora–Lakewood, CO Metropolitan Statistical Area and the Front Range Urban Corridor. The city is located north of the Town of Castle Rock and south of the City of Lone Tree, Colorado.
Dead to Rights is a top-down shooter video game for the Game Boy Advance. It was developed by Torus Games and published by Namco in 2004. It is loosely based on the original Dead to Rights console game.
Piotr Kochanowski (1566–1620) was a Polish nobleman, poet and translator.[1] He belonged to a family of writers. He was a son of Mikołaj Kochanowski and a nephew of Jan Kochanowski. He was born in 1566 in Sycyna. He is famous for his translations from Italian. He translated into Polish what were generally esteemed to be the two greatest modern epic poems: Ludovico Ariosto's Orlando furioso (Roland Enraged) and Torquato Tasso's Gerusalemme liberata (Jerusalem Delivered).[2] His version of Tasso's poem served as the Polish national epic. Piotr Kochanowski was the second poet in Poland (after Sebastian Grabowiecki) to use ottava rima, which became very popular in Baroque Polish poetry. He died on 2 August 1620 and was buried at the Franciscan church in Cracow. He is commonly regarded as one of the most important Polish writers of the Renaissance.[3]
Auctorati were free-men of Ancient Rome, who hired themselves out as gladiators.[1] Auctorati were referred to by their proper names, which differentiated them from slaves, who were referred to by single word stage names.[2]
"Dr." Gilbert Reynolds Spalding, sometimes spelled Spaulding, (14 January 1812 – 6 April 1880) was an American showman, circus owner and innovator, being the first to own his own showboat, constructed the first showboat to contain an entire circus and in 1856 the first to send an entire circus on tour in its own railroad cars.
The Sturgeon River Gorge Wilderness is a 14,729-acre (59.61 km2) unit within the Ottawa National Forest.  It is located in Baraga County and Houghton County within the U.S. state of Michigan.  The wilderness is accessible from M-28, which runs south of the unit in a west-to-east direction.  The nearest community is Sidnaw, Michigan, which is located approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) southwest of the wilderness unit's southern end.[2]
Selva Casal (11 January 1927 – 27 November 2020)[1] was a Uruguayan poet.[2][3]
Taichung International Airport (Chinese: 臺中國際機場) (IATA: RMQ, ICAO: RCMQ),  is an international airport located in Taichung, Taiwan, which is used for both commercial and military purposes.  It is also the third international airport in Taiwan, with scheduled services to China, Hong Kong, Japan, Macao, South Korea, Thailand and Vietnam.
Miami Garden Club is the debut studio album by American hip hop artist Kitty, released on August 25, 2017.[1] The album was crowdfunded through a campaign on the website Kickstarter.[2]
The Highway Capacity Manual (HCM) is a publication of the Transportation Research Board (TRB) of the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine in the United States. It contains concepts, guidelines, and computational procedures for computing the capacity and quality of service of various highway facilities, including freeways, highways, arterial roads, roundabouts, signalized and unsignalized intersections, interchanges, rural highways, and the effects of mass transit, pedestrians, and bicycles on the performance of these systems.[1][2]
Jean-André Lepaute (23 November 1720 – 11 April 1789), together with his younger brother Jean-Baptiste Lepaute (6 February 1727 – 18 March 1802),[1] was a founder of an outstanding French clockmaker dynasty of their day, holding the brevet horlogers du Roi. His brother assumed his workshop in 1774, when Jean-André retired; he died after a long illness at Paris.
Phenoptosis (from pheno: showing or demonstrating; ptosis: programmed death, "falling off") is a conception of the self-programmed death of an organism proposed by Vladimir Skulachev in 1999. In many species, including salmon and marsupial mice, under certain circumstances, especially following reproduction, an organism's genes will cause the organism to rapidly degenerate and die off. Recently this has been referred to as "fast phenoptosis" as aging is being explored as "slow phenoptosis".[1]  Phenoptosis is a common feature of living species, whose ramifications for humans is still being explored. The concept of programmed cell death was used before, by Lockshin & Williams[2] in 1964 in relation to insect tissue development, around eight years before "apoptosis" was coined. The term 'phenoptosis' is a neologism associated with Skulachev's proposal.
Gas Food Lodging is an album by the American band Green on Red, released in 1985.[1][2] It was the band's only album for Enigma Records.[3] George Pelecanos references the album in his novel A Firing Offense.[4]
Yusuf Ma Dexin (also Ma Tesing; 1794–1874) was a Hui Chinese Hanafi-Maturidi scholar from Yunnan,[1][2] known for his fluency and proficiency in both Arabic and Persian, and for his knowledge of Islam.[3] He also went by the Chinese name Ma Fuchu. He used the Arabic name Abd al-Qayyum Ruh al-Din Yusuf (عبد القيوم روح الدين يوسف).[4] He was also styled as "Mawlana al-Hajj Yusuf Ruh al-Din Ma Fujuh" (مولانا الحاج  يوسف روح الدين  ما  فو جوه).
Parmouti 18 - Coptic Calendar - Parmouti 20
Shawnee Creek is a stream in Osage and Gasconade counties of central Missouri.[1] It is a tributary of Baileys Creek.
John Price Wilkin[1] is an American librarian whose work has primarily been in development of digital library technologies and research library management.  He was formerly the Juanita J. and Robert E. Simpson Dean of Libraries and University Librarian at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, and is currently the Chief Executive Officer of Lyrasis.
The Gulf and Mississippi Railroad (reporting mark GMSR) was the first regional railroad in the United States upon its creation in 1985. With over 713 miles (1,147 km) of track in the states of Mississippi, Tennessee, and Alabama it was among the largest spin-off railroads in the post-Staggers Act era. MidSouth Rail acquired the entire G&M railroad in 1988, operating it as a separate entity, SouthRail. Kansas City Southern purchased MidSouth Rail in 1994 and most of the former G&M lines are still in service under KCS.[1]
Visa requirements for Myanmar citizens are administrative entry restrictions by the authorities of other states placed on citizens of Myanmar. As of 28 September 2019, Myanmar citizens had visa-free or visa on arrival access to 46 countries and territories, ranking the Myanmar passport 95th in terms of travel freedom according to the Henley Passport Index.[1] Myanmar is also a part of ASEAN and has visa-free access to all other ASEAN states besides Malaysia.
The Caguana Ceremonial Ball Courts Site (often referred to as Caguana Site) is an archaeological site located in Caguana, Utuado in Puerto Rico, considered to be one of the most important Pre-Columbian sites in the West Indies. The site is known for its well-preserved ceremonial ball courts and petroglyph-carved monoliths. Studies estimate the in-situ courts to be over 700 years old, built by the Taíno around 1270 AD.[4]
The 26th National Film Awards, presented by Ministry of Information, Bangladesh to felicitate the best of Bangladeshi Cinema released in the year 2001. Bangladesh National Film Awards is a film award ceremony in Bangladesh established in 1975 by Government of Bangladesh.  Every year, a national panel appointed by the government selects the winning entry, and the award ceremony is held in Dhaka.[1] The ceremony took place at Osmany Memorial Hall, Dhaka and awards were distributed by former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia. Additionally, Information Minister Tariqul Islam attended the function as the special guest at that evening.[2]
The Massawa Circuit is a cycling race held annually in Massawa, Eritrea since 2016. It is rated 1.2 and is part of UCI Africa Tour.[1]
A package of constitutional reforms proposed by the Constitutional Council was held in the Marshall Islands in April 1995. In 1994 the Nitijela voted to create a Constitutional Council which would propose a raft of constitutional changes and reforms.  The Council submitted thirty-five proposals,[1] each of which had to attain a two-thirds majority of valid votes in order to pass.  Turnout was low at 33%, and only a measure establishing the prevalence of the Marshallese language version of the constitution over the english one passed.[2]  All other proposals failed to reach the two-thirds bar, and thus failed.

Joanna Waley-Cohen (born 1952) is the Provost for New York University Shanghai and Silver Professor of History at New York University, where she has taught Chinese history since 1992. As Provost, she serves as NYU Shanghai's chief academic officer, setting the university's academic strategy and priorities, and overseeing academic appointments, research, and faculty affairs.[1]
Theodore Debs (August 20, 1864 – April 13, 1945) was an American socialist political activist. Debs is best remembered as the personal secretary and political confidant of his older brother, socialist orator and journalist Eugene V. Debs. A political actor in his own right, the younger Debs was the executive secretary of the Social Democratic Party of America with headquarters in Chicago from its foundation in 1898 until its dissolution through merger into the Socialist Party of America in August 1901.
Mosrentgen (Russian: Мосрентген), known officially as Posolok zavoda Mosrentgen (Russian: Посёлок завода Мосрентген), is a settlement in Mosrentgen Settlement, Novomoskovsky Administrative Okrug of the federal city of Moscow, Russia. Population:  16,462 (2010 Census);[1] 10,336 (2002 Census);[2]
Shulgin Log (Russian: Шульгин Лог) is a rural locality (a selo) in Shulgin-Logsky Selsoviet, Sovetsky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 856 as of 2013.[2] There are 6 streets.
A treadle bicycle is a bicycle powered by a treadle instead of the more common crank. Treadles were one of the mechanisms inventors tried in order to position the pedals away from the drive wheel hub before the development of the bicycle chain or instead of it. Treadles have also been used to drive tricycles and quadracycles.
Posht Tang-e Sofla Seyyed Reza (Persian: پشت تنگ سفلي صيدرضا, also Romanized as Posht Tang-e Soflá Seyyed Rez̤ā) is a village in Tarhan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tarhan District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 180, in 36 families.[1]
Oakbrook Preparatory School is a private Christian based 3K–12 school, located in Spartanburg, South Carolina. It consists of a lower school for 3K-4th graders, a middle school for 5th–8th graders, and an upper school for 9th–12th graders.
Friedrich Hermann Loew (19 July 1807 – 21 April 1879) was a German entomologist who specialised in the study of Diptera, an order of insects including flies, mosquitoes, gnats and midges. He described many world species and was the first specialist to work on the Diptera of the United States.
Candelaria is a department of the province of Misiones (Argentina).[1][2]

This is a list of cricketers who have played matches for the Abbottabad cricket team.[1]
The Taipei Philharmonic Orchestra (TPO; Chinese: 台北愛樂管弦樂團; pinyin: Táiběi Àiyuè Guǎnxián Yuètuán) is a Taiwanese orchestra based in Taipei.
Shane Hamman (born June 20, 1972) is an American Olympic weightlifter and powerlifter.
Pumpic is a parental mobile monitoring service launched in 2012. The company develops and supports mobile and tablet monitoring software compatible with iOS and Android platforms.[1] Pumpic application was initially created for parents or guardians to monitor and control activities on their kids' devices. It has many customer support resources and a variety of alerts and restrictions parents can set on their child's device.[2] The monitoring and controlling features are available from a PC, smartphone or tablet after installing the application on the target device.[3]
Pete Fejeran (born January 20, 1971) is a retired weightlifter from Guam. He placed 22nd in the lightweight division at the 1988 Olympics.[1]
The 2020–21 season was ŠK Slovan Bratislava's 15th consecutive in the top flight of Slovak football.
Jadassohn is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Cardiomyocyte proliferation refers to the ability of cardiac muscle cells to progress through the cell cycle and continue to divide. Traditionally, cardiomyocytes were believed to have little to no ability to proliferate and regenerate after birth.[1] Although other types of cells, such as gastrointestinal epithelial cells, can proliferate and differentiate throughout life,[2] cardiac tissue contains little intrinsic ability to proliferate, as adult human cells arrest in the cell cycle.[3] However, a recent paradigm shift has occurred. Recent research has demonstrated that human cardiomyocytes do proliferate to a small extent for the first two decades of life.[4] Also, cardiomyocyte proliferation and regeneration has been demonstrated to occur in various neonatal mammals in response to injury in the first week of life.[5][6] Current research aims to further understand the biological mechanism underlying cardiomyocyte proliferation in hopes to turn this capability back on in adults in order to combat heart disease.
A centrifugal clutch is an automatic clutch that uses centrifugal force to operate. The output shaft is disengaged at low rotational speed and engages more as speed increases. It is often used in mopeds, underbones, lawn mowers, go-karts, chainsaws, mini bikes, and some paramotors and boats to keep the engine from stalling when the output shaft is slowed or stopped abruptly, and to remove load when starting and idling. It has been superseded for automobile applications by the fluid coupling and automated manual transmissions.
The Great Natchez tornado hit Natchez, Mississippi, on Thursday, May 7, 1840. The tornado was the second-deadliest tornado in United States history; at least 317 people were killed and at least 109 were injured.
Khoranj (Persian: خرنج, also Romanized as Kherenj; also known as Khorani)[1] is a village in Lahijan-e Sharqi Rural District, Lajan District, Piranshahr County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 640, in 116 families.[2]
The year 1713 in science and technology involved some significant events.
Sebastian Haseney (born August 27, 1978, in Suhl) is a former German nordic combined skier who has competed since 1999. He won two silver medals in the 4 x 5 km team event at the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships (2005, 2007) and finished 8th in the 15 km individual event at the 1999 championships.
Castle Butte Township is a township in Perkins County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.[1] Its population was 19 as of the 2010 census.
District =Mahottari
KAJC (90.1 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Christian format, licensed to Salem, Oregon, United States, and serving the Monmouth–Independence area. The station was established by CSN International, and is currently owned by KAJC FM.[1]
Carnal Madness (also known as Delinquent School Girls, Sizzlers, The Delinquents, Love Maniacs, Scrubbers 2) is a 1975 exploitation film directed by Gregory Corarito and starring Stephen Stucker, Bob Minor, and Michael Pataki as three escaped mental patients wreaking havoc in a female detention center.
Jean Loring is a character appearing in comic books published by DC Comics, formerly associated with the Atom, for whom she was a supporting character and primary love interest. She first appeared in Showcase #34 (October 1961), created by writer Gardner Fox and artist Gil Kane.[1] The character appeared continually in minor roles until the 2004 storyline Identity Crisis, where she suffered a mental breakdown and was responsible for the deaths of Sue Dibny, wife of Elongated Man, and Jack Drake, father of the third Robin (Tim Drake). This would later lead her to assume the mantle of the supervillain Eclipso.
Mario Hernández is a Colombian fashion house dedicated to the manufacture of luxury leather accessories based in Bogotá D.C. It is named after its founder, Mario Hernandez (born 1941).

18°1′16″N 66°36′51″W﻿ / ﻿18.02111°N 66.61417°W﻿ / 18.02111; -66.61417
The Men's 3,000 metres Steeplechase event at the 2003 Pan American Games took place on 7 August 2003. Venezuelan Néstor Nieves defeated title holder Joël Bourgeois from Canada.
The Nisei Soldiers of World War II Congressional Gold Medal is an award made for the Japanese American World War II veterans of the 100th Infantry Battalion, the 442nd Regimental Combat Team and the Military Intelligence Service.[1][2] The Congressional Gold Medal is the most prestigious award given to civilians in the United States for achievements and contributions.[3] The medal was approved by Congress under Public Law 111–254 in 2010 to honor the Japanese Americans who had served in the war.[2] It was collectively presented on November 2, 2011.[1]
Edward R. Murphy (born 1937) is a former United States Navy officer, best known as the executive officer aboard the USS Pueblo (AGER-2), a spy ship captured by North Korea in 1968.

Major William Francis Noel Bridges DSO (30 January 1890 - 28 February 1942) was an Australian surveyor and the sixth Surveyor General of the Federated Malay States between 1938 and 1942.
Forest (Korean: 포레스트; RR: Poreseuteu) is a 2020 South Korean television series starring Park Hae-jin and Jo Bo-ah. It aired on KBS2 from January  29 to March 19, 2020.[2]
The 2004 Primera B de Chile was the 54th completed season of the Primera B de Chile. 
Montejurra in Spanish and Jurramendi in Basque are the names of a mountain in Navarre region (Spain). Each year, it hosts a Carlist celebration in remembrance of the 1873 Battle of Montejurra during the Third Carlist War. In 2004, approximately 1,000 persons turned out.
PuraOre! Pride of Orange (プラオレ！～PRIDE OF ORANGE～) is a mixed-media project produced by CyberAgent and DMM Games about girls playing ice hockey. An anime television series produced by CAAnimation and C2C aired from October to December 2021, while a mobile game developed by EXNOA was released in March 2022.
Claudio Treves (24 March 1869 – 11 June 1933) was an Italian politician and journalist.
Rogovin is a surname, and may refer to:
Christianity was first introduced to Vietnam in the 16th century.[1] Catholics and Protestants today are reported to constitute 7% and 2% of the country's population respectively;[2]. Christian foreign missionaries are not allowed to proselytize or perform religious activities without government approval.[3]
Ragundafjellet is a mountain in Oscar II Land at Spitsbergen, Svalbard. It has an altitude of 790 metres, and is located on the ridge of Jämtlandryggen, between Triryggtoppen and Stugunfjellet. It is named after the Swedish district of Ragunda.[1]
The Charles F. Adams class is a ship class of 29 guided-missile destroyers (DDG) built between 1958 and 1967. Twenty-three were built for the United States Navy, three for the Royal Australian Navy, and three for the West German Bundesmarine. The design of these ships (known as project SCB 155)[5] was based on that of Forrest Sherman-class destroyers, but the Charles F. Adams class were the first class designed to serve as guided-missile destroyers.[Note 1] 19 feet (5.8 m) of length was added to the center of the design of the Forrest Sherman class to carry the ASROC launcher. The Charles F. Adams-class were the last steam turbine-powered destroyers built for the U.S. Navy. Starting with the succeeding Spruance-class, all U.S. Navy destroyers have been powered by gas turbines. Some of the U.S. Charles F. Adams class served during the blockade of Cuba in 1962 and during the Vietnam War; those of the Royal Australian Navy served during the Vietnam War and Gulf War.
Ri Hyok-chol (Korean: ~; born 26 November 1973) is a North Korean former footballer. He represented North Korea on at least six occasions between 1999 and 2000, scoring four goals.[1]
Mark Burstein is an American academic administrator who served as the 16th president of Lawrence University. He took office on July 1, 2013, succeeding Jill Beck.[1] Burstein previously served as an Executive Vice President at Princeton University from 2004 to 2013.

Tamar Adar (Hebrew: תמר אדר; 24 July 1939 – 6 December 2008) was an Israeli writer, poet, playwright, and screenwriter. Adar has written screenplays for several popular Israeli television series and has published tens of popular children's books, as well as various other works. She has been the recipient of the Ministry of Education's Ze'ev Prize for Youth and Child Literature and other awards.[1]
The Kansas Department of Administration (KDA) is a department of the state of Kansas under the Governor of Kansas. KDA is responsible for providing many administrative services to the State's bureaus and departments, including payroll, maintenance of public buildings, and information technology. KDA is administered by the Secretary of Administration, who is appointed by the Governor with the approval of the Kansas Senate.
Kremiće is a village in the municipality of Raška, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 62 people.[1]
Mount Whiting (71°40′S 62°37′W﻿ / ﻿71.667°S 62.617°W﻿ / -71.667; -62.617) is a pyramidal mountain, largely ice free and steep cliffed on the south side, standing at the southwest side of Rankin Glacier near the east coast of Palmer Land. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) in 1974. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for topographic engineer Ronald F. Whiting, a member of the USGS geological and mapping party to the Lassiter Coast area, 1970–71.
Billroth II, more formally Billroth's operation II, is an operation in which a partial gastrectomy (removal of the stomach) is performed and the cut end of the stomach is closed.  The  greater curvature of the stomach (not involved with the previous closure of the stomach) is then connected to the first part of the jejunum in end-to-side anastomosis.  The Billroth II always follows resection of the lower part of the stomach (antrum). The surgical procedure is called a partial gastrectomy and gastrojejunostomy. The Billroth II is often indicated in refractory peptic ulcer disease and gastric adenocarcinoma.[1]
Double Adobe is a populated place situated in Cochise County, Arizona, United States.[2] It has an estimated elevation of 4,009 feet (1,222 m) above sea level.[1]
SS Mission Purisima was a Type T2-SE-A2 tanker built for the United States Maritime Commission during World War II. After the war she was acquired by the United States Navy as USS Mission Purisima (AO-118). Later the tanker transferred to the Military Sea Transportation Service as USNS Mission Purisima (T-AO-118). She was a member of the Mission Buenaventura-class oiler and was named for Mission La Purísima Concepción near Lompoc, California.
Heo Jin-ho (Korean: 허진호; born August 8, 1963) is a South Korean film director and screenwriter.
Gloria Gaynor's Park Avenue Sound is the fifth album by Gloria Gaynor.[2] It was released in 1978 on Polydor Records.
Wilson "Bill" Livingood (born October 1, 1936), a 33-year veteran of the United States Secret Service, was elected Sergeant at Arms of the United States House of Representatives on January 4, 1995, for the 104th Congress, and served through the 112th Congress.[2][3] Livingood was the 35th person to hold the post since the U.S. House of Representatives first met in New York City in 1789.
FNL Network (Fashion News Lifestyle Network) is an American television network founded by Rocco Leo Gaglioti in 2015 and based in Los Angeles, California.[1][2][3] It is available on a variety of devices including Amazon Fire TV, Apple TV, Roku, and all Android and Apple iOS devices.[4][5] Its signature program, Fashion News Live, goes backstage at all the major fashion weeks around the globe. Past co-hosts include Brana Dane [6] and Carmen Carerra.[7]
Kavmeleh (Persian: كاومله, also Romanized as Kāvmeleh and Kāvmaleh; also known as Karamela and Karmaleh)[1] is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Sarshiv District, Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 170, in 30 families.[2] The village is populated by Kurds.[3]
The Erasmus Riggs House, near Carlisle, Kentucky, is a stone house built in 1820.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]
USS Henry T. Allen was a Harris class attack transport in service with the United States Army from 1940 to 1941. She was then transferred to the United States Navy where she served until 1946. She was scrapped in 1948. The ship was originally built as an Emergency Fleet Corporation Design 1029 ship in 1919 and operated in commercial service as Wenatchee and  President Jefferson until being laid up in 1938.
Perfect Gentlemen is a 1978 American made-for-television comedy crime film starring Lauren Bacall (in her television film debut), Ruth Gordon, Sandy Dennis and Lisa Pelikan. The film, produced and directed by Jackie Cooper from a screenplay written by Nora Ephron, was filmed on location in Claremont, California and Hollywood, California from October 27, 1977, to November 1977.[1] It originally premiered on March 14, 1978, on CBS.[2]
Voyage à Paris is a 70-minute studio album of French art songs performed by Frederica von Stade with piano accompaniment by Martin Katz. It was released in 1995.[1]
Pardon My Stripes is a 1942 American comedy film directed by John H. Auer and written by Lawrence Kimble and Stuart Palmer. The film stars William "Bill" Henry, Sheila Ryan, Edgar Kennedy, Harold Huber, Paul Hurst and Cliff Nazarro. The film was released on January 26, 1942, by Republic Pictures.[1][2][3]
The 2022 Chilean Primera División, known as Campeonato PlanVital 2022 for sponsorship purposes,[2] is the 92nd season of the Chilean Primera División, Chile's top-flight football league. The season began on 4 February 2022 and ended on 6 November 2022.[3][4]
Halay is the national dance of Turkey and a regional category of folk dance styles in central, southern, eastern, and southeastern regions of the country. It is mainly performed by Turks, Arabs, and Kurds in Turkey. Halay and similar dances are parts of multiple ancient folk dance traditions and cultures throughout the Middle East and regions in proximity.[1][2]
The Danubian provinces of the Roman Empire were the provinces of the Lower Danube, within a geographical area encompassing the middle and lower Danube basins, the Eastern Alps, the Dinarides, and the Balkans.[2] They include Noricum, Dacia (Trajana and Aureliana), the northern part of Dalmatia, Moesia (Inferior and Superior), Scythia Minor, and Pannonia (Superior and Inferior). The Danube defined the region to the north, with the Carpathian Mountains to the north and east.[3] These provinces were important to the Imperial economy as mining regions,[4] and their general significance in the Empire of the 3rd century is indicated by the emperors who came from the region.[5]
The 1941–42 international cricket season was from September 1941 to April 1942. All international tournaments abandoned due to Second World War.[1] The season consisted domestic seasons for Australia, India, South Africa and West Indies.[2]
Gene Perret (April 3, 1937 – November 15, 2022) was an American comedy writer and producer. He won three Emmys for his work on The Carol Burnett Show. He worked for Bob Hope for 28 years. He wrote Hope’s television specials and USO Christmas tours.[1] Perret died from liver failure on November 15, 2022, at the age of 85.[2] He is interred at Valley Oaks Memorial Park.[3]
Kathmandu Rayzrs FC is a Nepali professional franchise football club based Kathmandu. The club currently competes in the Nepal Super League, the top flight of football in Nepal.[1][2][3]
Gatecreeper is an American death metal band from Phoenix, Arizona.
Caples is an unincorporated community in Cowlitz County, Washington. The Caples community is located 2.5 miles (4.0 km) west of Woodland along Caples Road, on the east shore of Columbia River and across the river from Columbia City, Oregon. The Caples community is part of the Woodland School District, a K-12 school district of about 2,200 students.
The Alpenhof Lodge in Teton Village in Teton County, Wyoming is an Alpine style hotel that was built in 1965.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2016.[1] Alpenhof Lodge has also been a member of Historic Hotels of America, an official program of the National Trust for Historic Preservation, since 2017.[2]
Benjamin Saunders Steiner (July 28, 1921 – October 27, 1988) was an American professional baseball player.  A second baseman, he appeared in 82 games in Major League Baseball between 1945 and 1947 for the Boston Red Sox (1945–1946) and Detroit Tigers (1947). Steiner, born in Alexandria, Virginia, was listed at 5 feet 11 inches (1.80 m), 165 pounds (75 kg); he batted left-handed and threw right-handed.
"Future State" is a comic book storyline published by DC Comics in January and February 2021,[a] consisting of multiple limited series released in place of DC's regular ongoing series during those months.[1][2] The event is set in the aftermath of the "Dark Nights: Death Metal" storyline, and takes place in a "possible future" of the DC Universe.[3] The conclusion of the event leads into DC's Infinite Frontier relaunch.[4]
The 14th Houston Film Critics Society Awards were announced virtually on January 18, 2021, at the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Texas, United States. The nominations were announced on January 12, 2021.[1]
The Baja Marimba Band was an American musical group led by marimba player Julius Wechter. Formed by producer Herb Alpert after his own Tijuana Brass,[1] the Baja Marimba Band outlasted the Tijuana Brass by several years in part due to TV producer Chuck Barris, who included the group's music on his game shows in the 1970s.
Eileen M. Decker is an American attorney who served as the U.S. Attorney for the Central District of California from 2015 to 2017.[1][2] Decker was nominated to join the Los Angeles Board of Police Commissioners in September 2018, where she became the President of the Board of Commissioners.[3]
Crazannes (French pronunciation: ​[kʁazan]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Ice IX is a form of solid water stable at temperatures below 140 K or -133.15 C and pressures between 200 and 400 MPa. It has a tetragonal crystal lattice and a density of 1.16 g/cm3, 26% higher than ordinary ice. It is formed by cooling ice III from 208 K to 165 K (rapidly—to avoid forming ice II). Its structure is identical to ice III other than being completely proton-ordered.[1]
Trần Cảo (chữ Hán: 陳暠, ?–1428) was briefly king of Vietnam 1426–1428. He was installed by Le Loi under the terms of a Ming dynasty Chinese withdrawal which promised to withdraw if a Trần dynasty descendant was placed on the throne. However, after Le Loi intercepted a Chinese general's requests for reinforcements he resumed the war, defeated the Chinese and made Trần Cảo drink poison.[1]
"Chuck Versus the Broken Heart" is the 18th episode of Chuck's second season, and the 31st episode overall. It aired on March 30, 2009. Tricia Helfer guest stars as agent Alex Forrest, assigned to evaluate Sarah's performance due to General Beckman's concerns about her relationship with Chuck. Meanwhile, Morgan, Jeff and Lester try to get themselves invited to Captain Awesome's bachelor party.
The Hunanese people or Xiang-speaking Chinese (Chinese: 湖湘民系; pinyin: Huxiang minxi; Xiang Chinese: 湘語人 Shiōn'nỳ nin) are a Xiang-speaking Han Chinese ethnic subgroup originating from Hunan province in Southern China,[2] but Xiang-speaking people are also found in the adjacent provinces of Guangxi and Guizhou.
Yip Hon (simplified Chinese: 叶汉; traditional Chinese: 葉漢; pinyin: Yè Hàn; Jyutping: Yip6 Hon3) (1904 – 7 May 1997) was a gambling tycoon in South China. His wealth was estimated to be HK$ 100 million.[when?] In his childhood, he stayed in Kong Mun of Kwangtung, and usually participated in gambling with his pocket money. He was nicknamed Kwai Wong (鬼王) (translated as Ghost King.)[1]
A prosthetic group is the non-amino acid component that is part of the structure of the heteroproteins or conjugated proteins, being tightly linked to the apoprotein.
Leon R. Hartshorn (January 16, 1929 – August 11, 2015)[1] was a religion professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and an author of many books. Most of his books were the collections of stories about leaders or members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In the LDS Church, Hartshorn has been a bishop and the president of the Missouri St. Louis Mission.
Temple Mall is a regional shopping mall and trade area located in Temple, Texas. It contains four major department store anchors, and a total of 57 tenants comprising a total of approximately 555,400 square feet[2] of gross leasable area. The anchor stores are Dillard's. Junior anchors are Planet Fitness and Premiere Cinemas. There are 3 vacant anchor store that were once Dillard's,JCPenney,and Steve & Barry's. Premiere Cinemas last day of operation was December 25th, 2022.
The Santika Club fire occurred on Thursday 1 January 2009, in the Santika Club nightclub in Ekkamai, Watthana, Bangkok, Thailand, where New Year celebrations were taking place. A total of 66 people were killed and another 222 injured when fire swept through the nightclub during the New Year's celebration as a band, coincidentally called "Burn", was playing.[1][2][3] By another coincidence, the party was named "Santika's Last Night". The fire broke out[4] at 00:35.[5] and citizens of thirteen countries[6] were among the injured.[2][4][5][7]
"Entre Nosotras" was a variety morning show aired on WAPA-TV from 2007 to 2016. It was hosted by an ensemble of Puerto Rican actresses: Alba Nydia Díaz, Sonia Valentin, Linette Torres and Wanda Sais. Their daily show covers news stories of interest to the general public, from a female point of view.
Jonah Sharp (alias Spacetime Continuum) is a producer, remixer, and DJ of electronic music.[1] Sharp was born in Edinburgh. After starting his musical career as a jazz drummer in London, U.K., he moved to San Francisco, U.S.[2] During the 1990s Sharp released a series of albums on the Astralwerks record label. The first of these, entitled Alien Dreamtime,[1] featured a live recording of ethnobotanist, writer and psychedelic researcher Terence McKenna delivering a series of lectures to the accompaniment of Spacetime Continuum music.[3] Sharp's subsequent albums combined experimental electronic music with subtle jazz elements and elaborate rhythm structures. His work has had a clear influence on contemporary psybient artists, such as Shpongle and others.
Enterprise content integration (ECI) is a marketing buzzword for middleware software technology, often used within large organizations, that connects together various types of computer systems that manage documents and digital content. 
Watseka or Watchekee (c. 1810–1878) was a Potawatomi Native American woman, born in Illinois, and named for the heroine of a Potawatomi legend. Her uncle was Tamin, the chief of the Kankakee Potawatomi Indians.[1]
Dick Stockton and Rosemary Casals were the defending champions but lost in the semifinals to Phil Dent and Billie Jean King.
National Iranian Radio and Television, or NIRT for short, (Persian: رادیو تلویزیون ملی ایران, Radio-ye Telâvisiun-e Mili-ye 'Iran) was the first Iranian state broadcaster, which was established on June 19, 1971, following the merger of the country's radio and television services.[1] It operated up until the Iranian Revolution in 1979, after which NIRT became the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB).[2]
Brat Fest, which bills itself as "World's Largest Brat Fest", is an annual fundraiser held in Madison, Wisconsin.
Uranus Pathfinder was a mission concept for the Uranian system evaluated in the 2010s by the European Space Agency.[1] In 2011, scientists from the Mullard Space Science Laboratory in the United Kingdom proposed the joint NASA–ESA Uranus Pathfinder mission to Uranus. It would have been a medium-class (M-class) mission to be launched in 2022, and was submitted to the ESA in December 2010 with the signatures of 120 scientists from around the globe. ESA caps the cost of M-class missions at €470 million.[2][3][4] Uranus Pathfinder was proposed in support of ESA's Cosmic Vision 2015–2025.[5] The mission study including several possible combinations of launch dates, trajectories, and flybys (gravity assists), including flybys of Earth, Venus, and of the planet Saturn.[6] Indeed, the study noted the velocity change requirements are only marginally higher than for typical missions to Saturn of this period.[7]
Burton's Biscuit Company is a British biscuit manufacturer. It is recognised in the UK as the second-biggest supplier of biscuits.[1] The company was formed by the merger of Burton's Gold Medal Biscuits and Horizon Biscuit Company in October 2000. It re-branded from Burton's Foods to Burton's Biscuit Company in November 2011. It employs over 2,200 people around the UK, in three main manufacturing facilities, Llantarnam, Edinburgh and Blackpool, a chocolate refinery in Moreton, and a central distribution hub in Liverpool. Its head office is in St Albans.
Marcus Tullius Tiro (died 4 BC) was first a slave, then a freedman, of Cicero from whom he received his nomen and praenomen. He is frequently mentioned in Cicero's letters. After Cicero's death Tiro published his former master's collected works of letters and speeches. He also wrote a considerable number of books himself, and is thought to have invented an early form of shorthand.
Caracara (AMc-40), an Accentor-class minesweeper placed in service by the U.S. Navy for use during World War II. The vessel was named after the Caracara, a large South American bird of prey.
The Anambra River (Igbo: Ọmambala) flows 210 kilometres (130 mi) into the Niger River and is found in Anambra, Nigeria. The river is the most important feeder of the River Niger below Lokoja. The flow of the Ọmambala River is released into the Atlantic through various outlets forming the 25,000-square-kilometre (9,700 sq mi) Niger Delta region.[2]
Nikolajs Švedrēvics (January 18, 1891 – July 7, 1937) was a Latvian track and field athlete who competed for the Russian Empire in the 1912 Summer Olympics, where he finished 20th in the javelin throw competition. He was born in Riga, Russian Empire.[1]
The India national cricket team toured Pakistan during the 1978–79 cricket season. They played three Test matches against the Pakistan cricket team, with Pakistan winning the series 2–0. The tour also featured three One Day International (ODI) matches. In the third match, India's captain, Bishen Bedi, conceded the game in protest against Sarfraz Nawaz short-pitched bowling. It was the first time an international cricket match had ended in this way.[1][2]
Iran participated in the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, United States. Two athletes represented Iran in the 2002 Olympics, one in alpine skiing and one in cross-country skiing.[1]
Prevention of mild traumatic brain injury involves taking general measures to prevent traumatic brain injury, such as wearing seat belts, using airbags in cars, securing heavy furnitures and objects before earthquake or covering and holding under the table during an earthquake.[2][3] Older people are encouraged to try to prevent falls, for example by keeping floors free of clutter and wearing thin, flat, shoes with hard soles that do not interfere with balance.[4]
Rupert Lockhart "Tommy" Thompson (May 19, 1910 – May 24, 1971) was an American outfielder in Major League Baseball who played for the Boston Braves (1933–36), Chicago White Sox (1938–39), and St. Louis Browns (1939). He was born in Elkhart, Illinois and died in Auburn, California.
Hyundai Pride is a container ship, built according to the latest IMO and MARPOL standards. The ship was ordered in 2011 and completed in July 2014 by Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering in Geoje, South Korea.[1]
Palo Verde School District 49 is a public school district based in Maricopa County, Arizona.
Anne Jules de Noailles, 2nd Duke of Noailles (5 February 1650 – 2 October 1708) was one of the chief generals of France towards the end of the reign of Louis XIV, and, after raising the regiment of Noailles in 1689, he commanded in Spain during both the War of the Grand Alliance and the War of the Spanish Succession, and was made marshal of France in 1693.[1]
Koşuyolu or Erbil is a village in the Savur District of Mardin Province in Turkey.[2] The village is populated by Arabs of the Kose tribe and had a population of 388 in 2021.[1][3]
East Timor Law Journal was a forum for the publication of legal opinions and critiques of law and legal policy in East Timor and facilitating legal research and information, seeking to promote the rule of law and democracy in East Timor by disseminating knowledge of the law of East Timor in English. This was hoped to  increase scrutiny by the international legal and human rights agencies of compliance with fundamental rights, liberties, and freedoms, and the principles of international justice.
Franklin Orlando Corozo Quiñónez (born February 15, 1981) is an Ecuadorian footballer currently playing for Deportivo Azogues.
David Fairchild (August 1, 1791 – September 17, 1866) was an American tradesperson and politician. He created newspapers in New York State before moving to California during the Gold Rush. He was an early settler of the Golden State and was elected to the California State legislature in 1860 as a Democrat.[1]
Fisnik Zuka (born 3 September 1995) is a Macedonian footballer of Albanian descent who plays for KF Shkupi in the Macedonian First Football League.[1]
Howland Joseph Hamlin (July 13, 1850 – December 12, 1909) was an American lawyer and politician.
Norton Personal Firewall, developed by Symantec, is a discontinued personal firewall with ad blocking, program control and privacy protection capabilities.
Acorna's Search (2001) is a science fantasy novel by American writers Anne McCaffrey and Elizabeth Ann Scarborough. It was the fifth in the Acorna Universe series initiated by McCaffrey and Margaret Ball in Acorna: The Unicorn Girl (1997). Search was preceded by Acorna's World and followed by Acorna's Rebels.[1]

This is a list of films set on or around May Day.
The Name Is Love is American singer Bobby Vinton's thirtieth studio album and his final for ABC Records. Unlike most of his albums (which consisted of only one or two of his own compositions), the majority of the material on this album was written or co-written by Vinton himself. Cover versions include "Hold Me, Thrill Me, Kiss Me" and "Only Love Can Break a Heart" (the former a hit for Mel Carter in 1965 and the latter a hit for Gene Pitney in 1962). The song "You Are Love" did not become a hit until six years later.
Karangasso is a village and seat (chef-lieu) of the commune of Nafanga in the Cercle of Koutiala in the Sikasso Region of southern Mali.[1]
The FIL European Luge Championships 1937 took place in February 1937 at Korketrekkeren in Oslo, Norway under the auspices of the Fédération Internationale de Bobsleigh et de Tobogganing (FIBT - International Bobsleigh and Tobogganing Federation in (in French)) under their "Section de Luge", a trend that would continue until the International Luge Federation (FIL) was formed in 1957.
The Nika Award for Best Picture (Russian: Ника за лучший игровой фильм) is given annually by the Russian Academy of Cinema Arts and Science and presented at the Nika Awards.
Hickory Creek is a tributary of the Peace River in Hardee County, Florida in the United States.[1]
Christian Academy is a private, co-educational Christian school in Honolulu, Hawaii. Grades are from pre-K through 12.
Giovanni Ghirlandini (17 August 1725 in Valeggio sul Mincio, Province of Verona – After 1791) was an Italian painter, mainly depicting sacred subjects.
Playmates is a 1941 American comedy film directed by David Butler and written by James V. Kern. The film stars Kay Kyser, John Barrymore (in his final film), Lupe Vélez, Ginny Simms, May Robson and Patsy Kelly. It was released on December 26, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.[1][2]
Karsten Huck (born 13 November 1945) is a German equestrian and Olympic medalist. He was born in Wohltorf. He won a bronze medal in show jumping at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul.[1]
El Cuajilote or Filobobos is an archeological site of the Totonac Culture,[1] located in the Tlapacoyan municipality, Veracruz state, México.[2]
Eagle Eye Mysteries is a two-part series of educational computer games developed by Stormfront Studios and published by EA*Kids. The in-game protagonists are twins Jake and Jennifer Eagle who form the Eagle Eye Detective Agency. The character of Jennifer is voiced by Lauren Bloom and Jake is voiced by Evan Enright-Schulz.[1] In 1994, Creative Labs and EA*Kids released a two-game compilation that included both Scooter's Magic Castle and Eagle Eye Mysteries in London.[2] The first game was bundled into the  Discovery CD New Edition kit along with 17 other games,[3] while both were featured in Sound Blaster Digital Schoolhouse 4x.[4]
Garons is a commune in the Gard department in southern France.
Östermalm (Swedish pronunciation: [œstɛrˈmalm]; "Eastern city-borough")  is a 2.56 km2 large district in central Stockholm, Sweden. With 71,802 inhabitants, it is one of the most populous districts in Stockholm. It is an extremely expensive area, having the highest housing prices in Sweden.
Elmer F. Bennett (September 17, 1917 – July 10, 1989[1]) was an attorney who held various positions in the United States Department of the Interior during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration.[2] Bennett specialized in the legal problems of the use of natural resources.
Lucas Oil Indianapolis Raceway Park (formerly Indianapolis Raceway Park, O'Reilly Raceway Park at Indianapolis, and Lucas Oil Raceway) is an auto racing facility in Brownsburg, Indiana, about 10 miles (16 km) northwest of downtown Indianapolis. It includes a 0.686-mile (1.104 km) oval track, a 2.5-mile (4.0 km) road course (which has fallen into disrepair and is no longer used), and a 4,400-foot (1,300 m) drag strip which is among the premier drag racing venues in the world. The complex receives about 500,000 visitors annually.[1]
On February 8, 2022, Félix Tshisekedi, the president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, reported a coup d'état. The reports of a coup emerged when Tshisekedi was attending the African Union summit in Addis Ababa, of which he is the chairperson. The reports caused Tshisekedi to leave the summit early to deal with the internal conflict in his country.[1][2]
The Lake Oswego Odd Fellows Hall, in Lake Oswego, Oregon, was built in 1890.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.[1]  It served historically as a meeting hall of the local Independent Order of Odd Fellows chapter, which formed in 1888.  It also has served as a specialty store and in other uses.[2]
George Holden Tinkham (October 29, 1870 – August 28, 1956) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from the state of Massachusetts.
Karl Christopher Hankton (born July 24, 1970) is a former American football player in the National Football League.  He attended Trinity International University.  He was released by the Carolina Panthers on March 1, 2007.  He is the cousin of Cortez Hankton.
Dies Irae is the fourth and final studio album by Italian-Slovenian rock band Devil Doll, released in February 1996.
General elections were held in Trinidad and Tobago on 18 September 1950.[2] The result was a victory for the Butler Party, which won 6 of the 18 seats. Voter turnout was 70.1%.[3]
Susannah Cahalan (born January 30, 1985) is an American writer and author, known for writing the memoir Brain on Fire: My Month of Madness, about her hospitalization with a rare auto-immune disease, anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis.[1][2][3]  She published a second book, The Great Pretender: The Undercover Mission That Changed Our Understanding of Madness, in 2019. When she is not writing longer works, she works as a writer for the New York Post. Cahalan's work has raised awareness for her brain disease, making it more well-known and decreasing the likelihood of misdiagnoses.
Volujak (Albanian: Valljakë or Valljake; Serbian: Волујак/Volujak) is the name of a hamlet in Kosovo.[1] There is peak 40 km to the west also called Volujak, or Maja e Vjelakut.
Ralph Tambs Lyche (6 September 1890 – 15 January 1991) was a Norwegian mathematician.
The vaqueta ball (Valencian: pilota de vaqueta, IPA: [piˈlɔta ðe vaˈketa], lit. 'little cow') is the kind of ball used to play some Valencian pilota variants, including Escala i corda, Galotxa and Raspall. Its name derives from the fact that it is made of bull's skin. It has a black colour that tends to become brown as it is used, and is designed to contrast with the white colour of the trinquets' walls.
Majicavo Koropa is a village in the commune of Koungou on Mayotte.
Stara Krobia [ˈstara ˈkrɔbja] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Krobia, 8 km (5 mi) south of Gostyń, and 66 km (41 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
Vitali Vladimirovich Belinski (sometimes Vitaly Belinsky; Belarusian: Віталь Уладзіміравіч Бялінскі — Vital' Uladzimiravich Bialinski; Russian: Виталий Владимирович Белинский; born November 27, 1989) is a Belarusian professional ice hockey goaltender who is currently playing for HK Mogilev in the Belarusian Extraleague .
Hilton Head Island, often referred to as simply Hilton Head, is a Lowcountry resort town and barrier island in Beaufort County, South Carolina, United States.[6] It is 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Savannah, Georgia, and 95 miles (153 km) southwest of Charleston. The island is named after Captain William Hilton, who in 1663 identified a headland near the entrance to Port Royal Sound, which mapmakers named "Hilton's Headland." The island features 12 miles (19 km) of beachfront on the Atlantic Ocean and is a popular vacation destination. In 2004, an estimated 2.25 million visitors infused more than $1.5 billion into the local economy.[7] The year-round population was 37,661 at the 2020 census,[8] although during the peak of summer vacation season the population can swell to 150,000.[9] Hilton Head Island is the largest city within the Hilton Head Island–Bluffton metropolitan area, which had an estimated population of 215,908 in 2020.
Baron Antonio Trasmondi or Trasmondo (1771 - 1834) was an Italian physician active in Rome.
The 2013–14 Georgia State Panthers women's basketball team represented Georgia State University in the 2013–14 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Panthers, coached by Sharon Baldwin-Tener, were a member of the Sun Belt Conference, and played their home games on campus at the GSU Sports Arena.
Statistics of Primera División Uruguaya in the 1957 season.
The 1985 World Judo Championships were the 14th edition of the World Judo Championships, and were held in Seoul, South Korea from September 26–29, 1985.
This article summarizes the events, album releases, and album release dates in hip hop music for the year 2000.
Gratiot (/ˈɡreɪʃɒt/ GRAY-shot[4]) is a village in Licking and Muskingum counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 221 at the 2010 census.
The Wind River Formation is a geologic formation in Wyoming. It preserves fossils dating back to the Paleogene period. A recent study by Stanford suggests that fracking has contaminated the entire ground water resource in the basin.[1]
Vladislav Ivanov (born 7 May 1990) is a former football player from Moldova. He was also a member of Moldova national football team since 2013.
Fajac-la-Relenque (French pronunciation: [faʒak la ʁəlɛ̃k] (listen); Occitan: Fajac de la Relenca) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France.
John Louis Zendejas (July 21, 1944 – August 3, 1994) was an American film and television actor.[2] Born in Dunsmuir, California. He was perhaps best remembered as "Marshal Terrence Gummell", being murdered by Michael Myers in the 1981 horror film Halloween II, the sequel of the 1978 film Halloween.[3] His other well-known role was as "Supervisor Wagner" in the 1983 hit drama film Bad Boys.[4] His final film was the 1990 film Catchfire, where he played the role of the "Trucker".
Lonzo Bullie (born October 24, 1947) is an American former college football coach. He served as the head football coach at Tuskegee University in Tuskegee, Alabama from 1981 to 1983 and Knoxville College in Knoxville, Tennessee from 1984 to 1989.
John D. Lively (born November 30, 1946 in La Grande, Oregon)[2] is an American politician and a Democratic member of the Oregon House of Representatives representing District 12 since January 14, 2013. Lively was the mayor of Springfield, Oregon and a member of its city council from 1977 until 1986.
Timea Bacsinszky was the defending champion, but lost in the second round to Catherine Bellis.
The Lieutenant Vicente Landaeta Gil Air Base (military short code BALANDA) is a Venezuelan Air Force military airbase. It was established on February 14, 1964.[1] It uses the runway and some of the other infrastructure of Jacinto Lara International Airport, located in Barquisimeto in the state of Lara, Venezuela. It is named after a Venezuelan military pilot who died in the first aircraft crash in Venezuela.
Ko Shan Road Park (Chinese: 高山道公園) is a small park located in the Lo Lung Hang area of Kowloon, Hong Kong. Perched on a cut slope of Quarry Hill, the park is home to the Ko Shan Theatre (高山劇場).
The Battle of Thapsus was a military engagement that took place on April 6, 46 BC[2] near Thapsus (in modern Tunisia). The forces of the Optimates, led by Quintus Caecilius Metellus Scipio, were defeated by the forces of Julius Caesar.[3] It was followed shortly by the suicides of Scipio and his ally, Cato the Younger, the Numidian King Juba, and his Roman peer Marcus Petreius.
Sierra del Cuera is an integrated network of protected areas in Asturias, Spain. 
The 1992 Women's Roller Hockey World Cup was the first ever roller hockey world cup for women, organized by the Fédération Internationale de Roller Sports. It was contested by 12 national teams (6 from Europe, 2 from North America, 2 from Oceania, 1 from Africa and 1 from Asia). The chosen city to host the world cup was Springe, in Germany. This inaugural edition was won by Canada's squad, with eleven victories in eleven matches.
The 2005 Biante Models Cars Historic Touring Car Series was an Australian motor racing competition for Group N cars.[1] It was recognised by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport as a National Series.[1]
Johannes Ilmari Tossavainen (25 July 1887, Keitele - 26 January 1978) was a Finnish cooperative manager and politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1913 to 1916, representing the Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP).[1]

Isabel Mundry (born 20 April 1963) is a German composer.

Will McDonald (born 1977) is a South Australian news presenter and journalist, currently presenting the weekend news for Nine News Adelaide at 6pm. He also presents Adelaide's afternoon news from Mondays-Wednesdays.[1]
The Unidale Mall is a shopping mall located at the intersection of University Avenue and Dale Street in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States. The mall is in the Summit-University neighborhood just across from the Frogtown neighborhood. The Rondo Community Outreach Library is west across Dale Street. The Dale Street station on the Green Line is also at the intersection.
Richmond Hill Centre Terminal is a York Region Transit, Viva, and GO Transit bus terminal in Richmond Hill, Ontario. Despite its name, the terminal is not located in downtown Richmond Hill, but is situated 4 km (2.5 miles) to the south at the city's southern limits, bordering Vaughan and Markham, near the connecting road that links the grade-separated Yonge Street and Highway 7 intersection. It opened on September 4, 2005. It is immediately west of the Langstaff GO train station, but is separated by the tracks. A pedestrian bridge over the tracks was opened in March 2008 to connect the bus terminal and the train station. Public washrooms were added to the terminal in December 2012.
Pre-eclampsia is a disorder of pregnancy characterized by the onset of high blood pressure and often a significant amount of protein in the urine.[1][8] When it arises, the condition begins after 20 weeks of pregnancy.[2][3] In severe cases of the disease there may be red blood cell breakdown, a low blood platelet count, impaired liver function, kidney dysfunction, swelling, shortness of breath due to fluid in the lungs, or visual disturbances.[2][3] Pre-eclampsia increases the risk of undesirable as well as lethal outcomes for both the mother and the fetus including preterm labor.[9][10][3] If left untreated, it may result in seizures at which point it is known as eclampsia.[2]
Oregon Lakes is a freshwater ecoregion in the western United States. It includes several closed basins in southern-central Oregon and adjacent parts of California and Nevada, including the Harney Basin, Warner Valley, and the basins of Lake Abert and Summer Lake.[1]
Detroit Plateau (64°10′S 60°0′W﻿ / ﻿64.167°S 60.000°W﻿ / -64.167; -60.000) is a major interior plateau of Graham Land on the Antarctic Peninsula, with heights between 1,500 and 1,800 metres (4,900 and 5,900 ft). Its northeast limit is marked by the south wall of Russell West Glacier, from which it extends some 90 miles (140 km) in a general southwest direction to Herbert Plateau. The plateau was observed from the air by Sir Hubert Wilkins on a flight of December 20, 1928. Wilkins named it Detroit Aviation Society Plateau after the society which aided in the organizing of his expedition, but the shortened form of the original name is approved. The north and east sides of the plateau were charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1946–47.[1]
Rzesznikówko [ʐɛʂniˈkufkɔ] (German: Neu Reselkow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Rymań, within Kołobrzeg County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1]
The Brno is a velodrome in Brno, Czech Republic.[1] It is a 400 m outdoor covered concrete velodrome with an underpass and lights. The velodrome hosted the 1969 UCI Track Cycling World Championships and 1981 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. The velodrome still has the 1969 look and serves to bicycles club TJ Favorit Brno and it is a site for hosting various concerts and performances. As of 2015 there are still international cycle races taking place.[2]

Melamchi Water Supply Project (MWSP) is a project to supply drinking water to Kathmandu Valley by diverting 170,000,000 litres (45,000,000 US gallons) of water per day. The project started in 1998 and completed in 2021. The intake of this project is located in Melamchi, Nepal. Ministry of Physical Infrastructure and Transport (Nepal) is the executing agency for the Project and Melamchi Water Supply Development Board is the implementing agency.[1]
The 1947 Colorado A&M Aggies football team represented Colorado State College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts in the Mountain States Conference (MSC) during the 1947 college football season.  In their first season under head coach Bob Davis, the Aggies compiled a 5–4–1 record (2–3–1 against MSC opponents), finished fifth in the MSC, and were outscored by a total of 182 to 159.[1][2]
Robert William Troup Jr. (October 18, 1918 – February 7, 1999) was an American actor, jazz pianist, singer, and songwriter. He wrote the song "Route 66" and acted in the role of Dr. Joe Early with his wife Julie London in the television program Emergency! in the 1970s.[1]
Kane Hekili (February 26, 2002 -May 25, 2016)[1] was a Thoroughbred racehorse named after "The Thunder God" in Hawaiian mythology. In 2005 and 2006 he won four Grade 1 races on dirt in Japan and finished fourth to Electrocutionist in the 2006 Dubai World Cup.
Craig Sean Veroni is a South African-born Canadian actor from Vancouver best known for his role as Dr. Peter Grodin on Stargate Atlantis.

Oysters Kirkpatrick, also called Oysters Kilpatrick, or Kirkpatrick and oysters, or Oysters Philpatrick,[1] are a dish of oysters topped with cooked bacon, seasoned with Worcestershire sauce, ketchup, or other flavorings, then broiled.[2][3]
Slavkov Castle (also known as Austerlitz Castle) is a Baroque palace in Slavkov u Brna in the Czech Republic. The town and the castle are chiefly known for the Battle of Austerlitz.
Nicolas-Alexandre Dezède (c.1740 in Lyon – 11 September 1798, in Paris) was an 18th-century French composer born from unknown parents.
The 1942 Furman Purple Hurricane football team was an American football team that represented Furman University as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 1942 college football season. In their eleventh year under head coach Dizzy McLeod, the Purple Hurricane compiled an overall record of 3–6 with a conference mark of 3–3, and finished seventh in the SoCon.[1]
Ropivacaine (rINN) /roʊˈpɪvəkeɪn/ is a local anaesthetic drug belonging to the amino amide group. The name ropivacaine refers to both the racemate and the marketed S-enantiomer. Ropivacaine hydrochloride is commonly marketed by AstraZeneca under the brand name Naropin.
A ledger line or leger line is used in Western musical notation to notate pitches above or below the lines and spaces of the regular musical staff. A line slightly longer than the note head is drawn parallel to the staff, above or below, spaced at the same distance as the lines within the staff. 
Winterset was a small settlement in Winterset Township, Russell County, Kansas, United States.
NGC 3007 is an edge-on, magnitude 13.4, lenticular galaxy in the constellation of Sextans,[3] discovered by Édouard Stephan on March 16, 1855.[4] It is about 115 thousand light years across, and with a recessional velocity of 6,520 kilometers per second, is at a distance of over 300 million light-years from the Sun.[4]
Gabriel Rafael Mendoza Ibarra (born 22 May 1968 in Graneros), commonly known as Coca Mendoza for his  similarity with the television actress Coca Guazzini, is a former Chilean footballer that played in the position of right back and central midfielder.
The Aba River is a river in southern Nigeria. A tributary of Imo river that runs through the city of Aba, Nigeria. Its headwater is in Okpu-Umuobo area (Isiala-Okpu and Mgboko-Umuette autonomous communities) Osisioma Ngwa LGA in the Ngwa heartland. 
The river is largely ignored despite its uniqueness and importance. Activities of local sand dredges who source sharp sand for construction purposes has been keeping the river flowing. [1]
Dents Run is an unincorporated community in Benezette Township, Elk County, Pennsylvania, United States.[1][2] It has attracted attention from treasure hunters and the media as the reputed site of a lost shipment of gold. The FBI conducted excavation activities in Dents Run in 2018.[3][4][5][6]


The temperance movement has been active in Australia.  As with the movement internationally, in Australia it has sought to curb the drinking of alcohol.  The temperance movement had some success in the early twentieth century, although from the Second World War its influence declined. Nevertheless, temperance organisations remain active today.[1]

Stefanos Petrakis (Greek: Στέφανος Πετράκης; 17 December 1924 – 8 May 2022)[1] was a Greek sprinter.
Rozkochów [rɔsˈkɔxuf] (German: Rosnochau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Walce, within Krapkowice County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Walce, 11 km (7 mi) south of Krapkowice, and 34 km (21 mi) south of the regional capital Opole.
In molecular biology, snoRNA U82 (also known as SNORD82 or Z25)  is a non-coding RNA (ncRNA) molecule which functions in the modification of other small nuclear RNAs (snRNAs). This type of modifying RNA is usually located in the nucleolus of the eukaryotic cell which is a major site of snRNA biogenesis. It is known as a small nucleolar RNA (snoRNA) and also often referred to as a guide RNA.
"Geyser" is a song by American singer Mitski, released on May 14, 2018, as the lead single from her fifth studio album, Be the Cowboy. She performed the song on The Daily Show in September 2018.[1]
National Route 374 is a national highway of Japan connecting Bizen, Okayama and Tsuyama, Okayama in Japan, with a total length of 58 km (36.04 mi).
A camarilla is a group of courtiers or favourites who surround a king or ruler. Usually, they do not hold any office or have any official authority at the royal court but influence their ruler behind the scenes. Consequently, they also escape having to bear responsibility for the effects of their advice. The term derives from the Spanish word camarilla (diminutive of cámara), meaning "little chamber" or private cabinet of the king. It was first used of the circle of cronies around Spanish King Ferdinand VII (reigned 1814–1833). The term involves what is known as cronyism. The term also entered other languages like the Polish, German and Greek, and is used in the sense given above.

Ardgowan is a National Historic Site of Canada located in Parkdale, Prince Edward Island, currently a neighbourhood of the city of Charlottetown.
Roger Amidon (or Amadon, Amidown, Amadowne) was an early settler of the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Roger Amidon was a French Huguenot, who had arrived with John Endecott's advance company after escaping to England from the Siege of La Rochelle in 1628.
Koen Van Langendonck (born 9 June 1989) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Belgian First Division A club Westerlo.
Saskatoon—Humboldt was a federal electoral district in Saskatchewan, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1968 to 1979, and from 1988 to 2015.
The Seven Churches of Revelation, also known as the Seven Churches of the Apocalypse and the Seven Churches of Asia, are seven major Churches of Early Christianity, as mentioned in the New Testament Book of Revelation. All of them are located in Asia Minor, present-day Turkey.
"Don't Worry" is a song by Swedish singer Ace Wilder. The song was released in Sweden as a digital download on 28 February 2016, and was written by Wilder along with Joy Deb, Linnea Deb, Anton Hård af Segerstad, and Behshad Ashnai.[1] It took part in Melodifestivalen 2016, and qualified to the final from the first semi-final.[2] It placed third in the final.[3]
Shin-Ru Shih (Chinese: 施信如) is the director of the Research Center for Emerging Viral Infections and holds a professorship in the Department of Medical Biotechnology and Laboratory Science and Graduate Program of Biomedical Sciences at Chang Gung University.[1][2] She is also the medical director of the Clinical Virology Laboratory, Chang Gung Memorial Hospital.[3]
Hurricane Katrina had many social effects, due the significant loss and disruption of lives it caused. The number of fatalities, direct and indirect, related to Katrina is 1,833[1] and over 400,000 people were left homeless. The hurricane left hundreds of thousands of people without access to their homes or jobs, it separated people from relatives, and caused both physical and mental distress on those who suffered through the storm and its aftermath, such as Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).[2]
Criștioru de Jos (Hungarian: Alsóbiharkristyór) is a commune in Bihor County, Crișana, Romania with a population of 1,354 people. It is composed of five villages: Bâlc, Criștioru de Jos, Criștioru de Sus (Felsőbiharkristyór), Poiana (Biharmező) and Săliște de Vașcău (Vaskohszeleste).
Animal Boxing is a sports video game developed by Spanish studio Akaoni Studio for the Nintendo DS.[1]
The 1992–93 New York Knicks season was the 47th season for the Knicks in the National Basketball Association (NBA).[1] During the off-season, the Knicks acquired Charles D. Smith, Doc Rivers and Bo Kimble from the Los Angeles Clippers,[2][3][4][5] acquired All-Star guard Rolando Blackman from the Dallas Mavericks,[6][7][8][9] and Tony Campbell from the Minnesota Timberwolves,[10][11][12] and later signed free agent Herb Williams in November.[13][14][15] The team also selected shooting guard Hubert Davis from the University of North Carolina with the 20th overall pick in the 1992 NBA draft.[9][16][17][18] For the season, the Knicks changed their primary logo, adding a silver triangle behind a redesigned text of the word "Knicks" and an orange basketball.[19][20] The team slightly redesigned their uniforms, replacing the previous Knicks logo with the newer logo on the right leg of their shorts.[21][22] The Knicks' new logo remained in use until 1995, when they added the city name "New York" above their logo,[23] while the uniforms lasted until 1997.[21][22]

William Crabtree[1] (1905–1991) was an English architect. His reputation rests mainly on his Peter Jones Department Store, Sloane Square and King's Road, Chelsea, London (1932–37), designed for John Spedan Lewis (1885–1963), the founder of the John Lewis Partnership.
Knut Myhre (30 November 1931 – 2003) was a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party.
The ninth season of the Romanian reality talent show Vocea României premiered on ProTV on September 6, 2019.[1]Irina Rimes, Tudor Chirilă and Smiley returned as coaches, while Horia Brenciu, who last coached in the third season, returned, replacing Andra.[2] Meanwhile, Pavel Bartoș returned for his ninth season as host.
Women Plucking Geese is an oil-on-canvas painting executed in 1872 by German painter Max Liebermann. It is his first painting of large dimensions and measures 119.5 by 170.5 cm. It is held in the Alte Nationalgalerie, in Berlin.[1]
Pogorelka (Russian: Погорелка) is a rural locality (a village) in Klyazminskoye Rural Settlement, Kovrovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 33 as of 2010.[2]
Agua Prieta Municipality is a municipality in the Mexican state of Sonora in north-western Mexico.[2] As of 2015, the municipality had a total population of 82,918.[1]
Koala's March (Japanese: コアラのマーチ, romanized: Koara no Māchi) is a bite-sized cookie snack with a sweet filling. Made by Lotte, the product was first released in Japan in March 1984. In May 1990, the products were released in the United States. Originally, the snacks used the name "Koala Yummies" in the United States. But currently, the snacks use the name "Koala's March" in the same country (a translation of the Japanese title).
Garry A. Moore is a Democratic member of the South Dakota House of Representatives, representing the 18th district since 2006. He previously served from 1990 through 1998. He was a member of the South Dakota Senate from 1998 through 2006, serving as Minority Leader.
Mammoth Film Festival (or "MammothFF") is an international, five-day event founded in 2018 by Tanner Beard (CEO) and Tomik Mansoori. The festival showcases the work of independent filmmakers, actors, directors, writers, and producers. It is held every February at various venues throughout Mammoth Mountain and the town of Mammoth Lakes, California, United States.
The Brooklyn Detention Complex (originally the Brooklyn House of Detention) is a jail facility located at 275 Atlantic Avenue, in Brooklyn. It can hold up to 815 male prisoners in its single cells.[1] Most of the population is made up of detainees undergoing the intake process or awaiting trial in Kings or Richmond County.[1]
George E. Van Cott (June 16, 1906 – July 9, 1972) was an American politician who served in the New York State Assembly from 1961 to 1972.[1][2]
"The Wonders You Perform" is a song written by Jerry Chesnut, and recorded by American country music artist Tammy Wynette. It was released as a single in November 1970. 
"A Living Chronology" (Russian: Живая хронология, romanized: Zhivaya khronologiya) is a short story by Anton Chekhov published originally in the No. 8, 23 February 1885, issue of Oskolki magazine, signed A. Chekhonte (А. Чехонте). It appeared in the 1886 collection Motley Stories (Пёстрые рассказы), and was later included by Chekhov into Volume 2 of his Collected Works, published by Adolf Marks in 1899–1901.[1]
Lego Agents was a Lego theme that was first introduced in June 2008[2] after the discontinued Lego Alpha Team theme. The theme was inspired by James Bond as well as various spy movies. The 13 toy sets in the theme's release were split into three waves.[3] In 2009, the theme was re-branded as Lego Agents 2.0. It was discontinued by the end of 2009 and replaced with the Lego Ultra Agents theme in 2014.[4]
Ya'akov Nitzani (Hebrew: יעקב ניצני; 6 December 1900 – 15 September 1962) was an Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Mapai from 1952 until 1959.

This is a list of football clubs in Finland beginning with the letter D.
Patricia D. "Pat" Scott (died January 7, 2001) was an American politician who served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1984 to 2001.  First appointed to office upon the resignation of John Martinis, she represented Washington's 28th legislative district as a Democrat for 17 years until her death in 2001.[1][2]
The 2015 Meistriliiga, also known as A. Le Coq Premium Liiga for sponsorship reasons,[1] was the 25th season of the Meistriliiga, the first level in the Estonian football system. The season started on 6 March 2015 and the final matchday took place on 7 November.[2] Levadia, the defending champions, finished runner-up behind Flora, who won their tenth title.[3]
Israel has competed at the Olympic Games as a nation since 1952.  Its National Olympic Committee was formed in 1933, during the British Mandate of Palestine.[1]  
Israel has sent a team to each Summer Olympic Games since 1952 (except when they participated in the American-led boycott of the 1980 Summer Olympics), and to each Winter Olympic Games since 1994. The country became a member of the European Olympic Committees (EOC) in 1994.
Sellwood Park is a city park of about 17 acres (6.9 ha) in southeast Portland, in the U.S. state of Oregon.[2]
Emma Lou Thornbrough (January 24, 1913 – December 19, 1994) was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. She was a pioneer among professional historians in African-American history, a lifelong civil-rights activist in Indiana, a professor of history at Butler University from 1946 until her retirement in 1983, and an Indiana historian and author. Thornbrough's major scholarly contributions include several publications devoted to black history, such as The Negro in Indiana before 1900; Booker T. Washington; T. Thomas Fortune, Militant Journalist; Since Emancipation: A Short History of Indiana Negroes, 1863–1963; and Indiana Blacks in the Twentieth Century (published posthumously in 2000). She also wrote Indiana in the Civil War Era, 1850–1880, among other scholarly publications. In addition to her writing and research, Thornbrough was well known as a social activist and was especially active in Indianapolis civil rights groups, including the Indianapolis Human Relations Council, which she helped organize; the Indiana Civil Liberties Union; and the Indianapolis National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.
The 2010 FA Cup Final saw ES Sétif beat CA Batna to win their seventh Algerian Cup. The match took place on Wednesday, 21 April 2010 at the Stade 5 Juillet 1962 in Algiers and ended 3–0 with a brace by Hocine Metref and an own goal from Saber Chebana. With his two goals, Metref was chosen as the Man of the Match.[1]
Mississippi Rollergirls is a women's flat track roller derby league based in Gautier, Mississippi. Founded in 2006, the league consists of a single team, which competes against teams from other leagues. Mississippi Rollergirls is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).[1]
Gladstone is a city in Delta County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.  First settled in 1877, Gladstone's original name was Minnewasca. The population is 5,257 according to the 2020 census.
Mattie Herd Roland was Alabama's first African-American librarian. Herd was selected and trained to head the first library for African-American use in Alabama, the Booker T. Washington branch of the Birmingham Public Library, which opened in 1918.
The Patti Grace Smith Fellowship[1][2][3] is a non-profit program in the United States that provides paid internships, scholarships, and executive mentorship to exceptional Black undergraduate students seeking a career in aerospace.[4][5] The fellowship is named after Patricia Grace Smith, a United States Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) official whose regulatory work helped lay the foundations for commercial spaceflight.[6] The program was founded in her honor in 2020.[7]
The 1994–95 Ukrainian Hockey League season was the third season of the Ukrainian Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Ukraine. Seven teams participated in the league, and HC Sokil Kyiv won the championship.
Dr. Mohamed Sirad Dolal (Somali: Maxamed Siraad Doolaal) was an academic and a member of the central committee and executive council of the Ogaden National Liberation Front (ONLF), a liberation movement in Ogaden determined to free its homeland from Ethiopia.
In algebraic geometry, a Newton–Okounkov body, also called an Okounkov body, is a convex body in Euclidean space associated to a divisor (or more generally a linear system) on a variety. The convex geometry of a Newton–Okounkov body encodes (asymptotic) information about the geometry of the variety and the divisor. It is a large generalization of the notion of the Newton polytope of a projective toric variety.
A planche is a skill in gymnastics and calisthenics in which the body is held parallel to the ground, while being supported above the floor by straight arms. It is a move that requires significant strength and balance.
The Three Days of Darkness is an eschatological prophecy of future events, held by some Catholics to be true. The prophecy foretells three days and nights of "an intense darkness"[1] over the whole earth, against which the only light will come from blessed beeswax candles, and during which "all the enemies of the Church ... will perish."[1]
The 1927 Western Maryland Green Terror football team was an American football team that represented Western Maryland College (now known as McDaniel College) as an independent during the 1927 college football season. In its second season under head coach Dick Harlow, the team compiled a 6–2 record and shut out six of its eight opponents.[1]
Nimrah (Arabic: نمره) is a sub-district located in the Jabal Habashi District, Taiz Governorate, Yemen. Nimrah had a population of 2,445 according to the 2004 census.[1][2][3]
The Colonne Pascale is a permanent artwork located in the city of Douala (Cameroon). It was created by Pascale Marthine Tayou and inaugurated in 2010.
Guns & Weapons for Law Enforcement was a firearms magazine that was published eight times per year by Harris Publications.[1]
Juan Direction was a weekly, 30 minute documentary-style reality show that aired on TV5 in the Philippines. It aired every Sunday from 10:15 pm to 10:45 pm.
The following events occurred in September 1912:
Anfoushi (Arabic: الأنفوشي) is a neighborhood in Alexandria, Egypt. It is located on the ancient Pharos peninsula and considered one of the oldest neighbourhoods in the city and is home to many old landmarks, including the famous Abu el-Abbas el-Mursi Mosque and the Citadel of Qaitbay. The neihgbourhood is probably named after Augusto Anfossi, artillery instructor under Muhammad Ali and later a colonel.[1]
Maurice A. FitzGerald (January 9, 1897 – August 25, 1951) was a Democratic politician from Queens, New York City.
Qualys, Inc. is an American technology firm based in Foster City, California, specializing in cloud security, compliance and related services.[3]
Mystics of the Pillar II is an EP by the black metal band Melechesh.
Lévi Kahamba Ntumba (born 12 January 2001) is a French professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Grasshopper in the Swiss Super League.
Chico MacMurtrie was born in New Mexico in 1961. MacMurtrie received his M.F.A. from the University of California at Los Angeles (UCLA) and is internationally recognized as a media artist exploring the intersection of robotic sculpture, installation, and performance.[1][2][3] In 1991 MacMurtrie formed Amorphic Robot Works, a group of artists and engineers working together to create robotic art performances and installations.[4] Throughout the 1990s, Chico MacMurtrie / Amorphic Robot Works created a body of work composed of hundreds of kinetic, at times percussive or musical metal sculptures which have been exhibited in different configurations mostly throughout Europe, Asia, and Latin America.[1] In 2004, MacMurtrie operated a material shift from working with metal to creating his sculptures out of high tensile fabric.[4][5] The inflatable sculptures or Inflatable Architectural Bodies are concerned with organic form and the expression of transient qualities of human or animal movement embodied through abstract robotic form.[4]
Fabrizio Larini (born 31 March 1953, in Parma) is an Italian former footballer who has served as Sporting Director of Novara Calcio since November 2013. He played as a midfielder.
Rhee Ho Nam (28 February 1934 – June 5, 2003) was the first president of a stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) in South Korea. He later served as a professor of Korean at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah, United States.
Krasimira Gyurova (Bulgarian: Красимира Гюрова) (26 October 1953 – 30 March 2011) was a Bulgarian basketball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics.[1]
Air Commodore Paavo Elwin-Paul Kamanya is a Namibian military officer who is serving as Defence Attache to Sri Lanka. He previously served as deputy Namibian Air Force commander.[2]
The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume I: The Pox Party is an American historical novel for young adults written by M. T. Anderson and published by Candlewick Press in 2006. It won the annual U.S. National Book Award for Young People's Literature[1]
and the American Library Association named it a Printz Honor Book, one of four runners-up for the annual Michael L. Printz Award recognizing literary excellence in books for young adults.[2]
A long-term resident in the European Union is a person who is not a citizen of an EU country but has resided legally and continuously within its territory for five years with a means of support (i.e. without recourse to the social assistance system of the host country) and fulfills some further requirements, as defined in Directive 2003/109/EC.[1] The status permits the holder some of the rights of free movement afforded to EU/EEA citizens in the participating countries; of the EU countries Denmark and Ireland (and, prior to its withdrawal, the United Kingdom) do not participate in implementing the Directive. The implementation of the directive is left to the participating countries, with some national variations in the requirements for and benefits of long-term resident status.
The Round Mountain Oil Field is a large oil and gas field in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada, about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Bakersfield, California, United States. It is east of the giant Kern River Oil Field, one of the largest in the United States, and also close to the Mount Poso Oil Field and Kern Front Oil Field.  With a cumulative total recovery of more than 110 million barrels (17,000,000 m3) of oil, it is the 48th largest oil field in California, but remains relatively productive with still about ten percent of its reserves remaining in the ground, according to the California Department of Oil, Gas, and Geothermal Resources (DOGGR).[1]
Lembeck Castle, located in the urban area of Dorsten on the border of the northern Ruhr region and the southern Münsterland, is a moated castle. It is located in the Hohe Mark Nature Park and surrounded by the "Hagen" and "Kippheide" forests to the south of the Dorsten district of Lembeck in the northwest of the Recklinghausen region.
Christian Reinaudo (born 1954) is a French businessman. Since 1 January 2008, he is President of the Agfa HealthCare business group and a member of the Executive Committee of Agfa-Gevaert.
Alyaksandr Skshynetski (Belarusian: Аляксандр Скшынецкі; Russian: Александр Скшинецкий; born 28 February 1990) is a Belarusian professional footballer who plays for Arsenal Dzerzhinsk.
Spyderco is an American cutlery company based in Golden, Colorado, producing knives and knife sharpeners. Spyderco pioneered many features that are now common in folding knives, including the pocket clip, serrations, and the opening hole.[1][failed verification] Spyderco has collaborated with 30 custom knife makers, athletes, and self-defense instructors for designs and innovated the usage of 20 different blade materials.
Dunc's Doll is the second novel in the Culpepper Adventures series by Gary Paulsen. It is about Dunc Culpepper and Amos who are trailing a band of thieves who have stolen a doll, once belonging to Charles Dickens's daughter. It was published on June 1, 1992 by Dell Publishing.
Noscapine (also known as Narcotine, Nectodon, Nospen, Anarcotine and (archaic) Opiane) is a benzylisoquinoline alkaloid, of the phthalideisoquinoline structural subgroup, which has been isolated from numerous species of the family Papaveraceae (poppy family). It lacks significant hypnotic, euphoric, or analgesic effects affording it with very low addictive potential.[1]  This agent is primarily used for its antitussive (cough-suppressing) effects.
Joachim is a Germanic surname, ultimately derived from the Biblical king Jehoiakim. Pronunciation varies, and may be wa-keem' or jo'-akim. 
The Château de Vaurenard is a château in Gleizé, Rhône, France. The land was acquired by 1672, and it is owned by a descendant of the same family.
Jolly Life (Turkish: Neşeli Hayat) is a 2009  Turkish comedy film, written and directed by Yılmaz Erdoğan, about a working class Turkish man who accepts a job as a Mall Santa. It was one of the highest-grossing Turkish films of 2009. The film, which went on nationwide general release across Turkey on November 27, 2009 (2009-11-27), was screened in competition at the 29th International Istanbul Film Festival and was nominated in several categories at the 3rd Yeşilçam Awards. The cast are actors of Çok Güzel Hareketler Bunlar. Due to filming was done simultaneously for two productions, The actors have minor roles.[1] Writer, director and star Erdoğan says that the main character is between the worlds of the Westernized upper class Turks and the working class Turks in the east of the country.[2][3]
The Menteri Besar of Johor or Chief Minister of Johor is the head of government in the Malaysian state of Johor. According to convention, the Menteri Besar is the leader of the majority party or largest coalition party of the Johor State Legislative Assembly.
Qaleh Now-ye Alireza Bek (Persian: قلعه نوعليرضابيك, also Romanized as Qal‘eh Now-ye ‘Alīreẕā Beyk and Qal‘eh Now-e ‘Alīreẕā Bek)[1] is a village in Fazl Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 234, in 67 families.[2]
Figarol (French pronunciation: ​[fiɡaʁɔl]; Occitan: Higaròu) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
The 1979 Island Holidays Classic, also known as the Hawaii Open, was a men's tennis tournament played an outdoor hard courts in Maui, Hawaii, in the United States that was part of the 1979 Colgate-Palmolive Grand Prix circuit. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held from October 1 through October 7, 1979. Seventh-seeded Bill Scanlon won his second consecutive singles title at the event.[3]
The Tamote Shinpin Shwegugyi Temple (Burmese: တမုတ်ရှင်ပင်ရွှေဂူကြီးဘုရား) is a Buddhist temple in Kyaukse, Mandalay Region, Myanmar.[1] It was originally built by King Anawrahta of Pagan, and the second storey added by King Narapatisithu, and both were encased inside a huge stupa built by King Uzana of the Pinya dynasty.  It was one of nine pagodas outside the ancient city that denoted the extent of the Bagan Empire. The temple had a pagoda on top was discovered to be hiding another pagoda inside, which in turn encased a two-storey temple.[2][3]
Yusefabad (Persian: يوسف اباد, also Romanized as Yūsefābād)[1] is a village in Anguran Rural District, Anguran District, Mahneshan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 25 families.[2]
Kate Gilmore (born 1975) is an American artist working in including video, sculpture, photography, and performance.[1] Gilmore's work engages with ideas of femininity through her own physicality and critiques of gender and sex.[2] Gilmore lives and works in New York City, NY [3] and is Associate Professor of Art+Design at SUNY Purchase.[4] Gilmore has exhibited at the 2010 Whitney Biennial, the Brooklyn Museum, The Indianapolis Museum of Art, White Columns; Contemporary Arts Center (Cincinnati), Artpace, The J. Paul Getty Museum, The Rose Art Museum, and PS1/MoMA Contemporary Art Center.[5]
Trikone (Hindustani pronunciation: [t̪rɪˈkoːn]) is a non-profit support, social, and political organization for South Asian bisexual, lesbian, gay, and transgender people.[1][2][3] It was founded in 1986 in the San Francisco Bay Area and is one of the oldest groups of its kind in the world.[4][5][6] South Asians affiliated with Trikone are from or trace their ancestry to the following countries: Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Maldives, Burma, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, and Tibet.[7] Trikone published an eponymous magazine with an international base of subscribers several times a year.[8]  The magazine was the oldest South Asian LGBT magazine in the U.S., and ran from 1986 to 2014.[9][10]
Oceanisation, or oceanization, is the process of formation of an ocean after continental rifting. The oceanisation is marked by the accretion of oceanic basalts between the drifting continental blocks and the incursion of marine waters and species in the rift basin.[1][2] According to John Frederick Dewey in the 1960s the idea of continental drift was different to that of oceanisation which was "the mysterious metasomatism or transformation of continental crust into oceanic crust".[3]
WRGC-FM, 88.3 FM, is a public radio station licensed to and operated by Georgia College in Milledgeville, Georgia.  The station is an affiliate of Georgia Public Broadcasting (GPB) and its format includes classical and jazz music, NPR news and locally produced programs.
Jungle Island, formerly Parrot Jungle, is a relaunched eco-adventure park on Watson Island, Miami, Florida, United States.[1] The park is re-opened following a series of major renovations after the park incurred damage from Hurricane Irma.[2] The park features new pop-up waterslides, an outdoor wind tunnel flight experience, zip lines, escape rooms, a Nerf battle stadium and other attractions.
Lieutenant General Imran Ullah Khan HI(M) SI(M) SBt (born 3 December 1932) is a retired Pakistan Army general.[1] He remained the Governor of Balochistan province in PPP-led government from May 1994 to May 1997.
Nimaathap (also read as Nima'at-Hapi and Nihap-ma'at[3]) was an ancient Egyptian queen consort at the transition time from 2nd Dynasty to 3rd Dynasty. Nimaathap may have acted as regent for her son Djoser.[4][5]
Bradley Cochran (born June 17, 1963)[1] is a former American football player.  He played college football as a defensive back for the University of Michigan from 1981 to 1985.  As a senior, Cochran was recognized as a consensus first-team defensive back on the 1985 College Football All-America Team. He also received the 1985 Toyota Leadership Award. He signed to play professional football with the Los Angeles Raiders, but injured his back during the preseason of his rookie year, ending his football career.
The USS Piscataqua, a screw steamer, was launched 11 June 1866 by Portsmouth Navy Yard; and commissioned 21 October 1867 with Captain Daniel Ammen in command.
Uri P. Harkham is an American businessman, film producer and philanthropist from Los Angeles, California. He is the founder and former chief executive Officer of Harkham Industries, a women's apparel company, and the chairman of Harkham Properties, a commercial real estate company.
Kinnucan's is an Alabama-based department store specialising in the sale of clothing. George Amoako (born 31 July 1999) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Al-Ahly Benghazi.[1][2]
The 2013 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team represented Western Kentucky University (WKU) in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by first year head coach Bobby Petrino and played their home games at Houchens Industries–L. T. Smith Stadium. They were a member of the Sun Belt Conference. They finished the season 8–4, 4–3 in Sun Belt play to finish in a four-way tie for second place.[1] Despite being bowl eligible, they were not selected to play in a bowl game. This was their last season as a member of the Sun Belt as they moved to Conference USA in the 2014 season.[2]
Hejná is a municipality and village in Klatovy District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
Michael A. Fumento (born 1960) is an American author, analyst, attorney, and investigative journalist who currently resides in the Philippines.
Vân Hồ is a rural district of Sơn La province in the Northwest region of Vietnam.[1][2] As of 2003 the district had a population of 55,797. The district covers an area of 979.84 km². The district capital lies at Vân Hồ.
The Van Wouw House, was the last residence of the South African artist Anton Van Wouw.
Martin Hubert Gerzabek (born June 9, 1961 in Vienna, Austria) is an Austrian ecologist and soil scientist. He is a professor of ecotoxicology and isotope application and was rector of BOKU, the University of Natural Resources and Life Sciences, Vienna[1] from 2010 to 2018.
55°18′26″N 120°17′36″W﻿ / ﻿55.3071°N 120.2934°W﻿ / 55.3071; -120.2934
Mrinmoy Guha Neogi (born 1 January 1957) Is a Bangladeshi agricultural scientist. He was awarded the Independence Award in 2021 for his contribution to science and technology.[1][2][3]
Charles Fisher (1816 – June 11, 1891) was an Anglo-American stage actor and comedian.[1][2][3] Born to a prolific theatrical family from Norfolk, England, Fisher went on to find success as an actor in different parts of England, and then from 1852 onwards in New York City where he worked as a highly regarded performer for almost 40 years in the companies of William E. Burton, Laura Keene, James William Walluck, and Augustin Daly.[1][4]
Błażej Koniusz and Grzegorz Panfil won the title by defeating Kellen Damico and Nathaniel Schnugg 7–6(7–5), 6–3 in the final.
A cuckoo filter is a space-efficient probabilistic data structure that is used to test whether an element is a member of a set, like a Bloom filter does. False positive matches are possible, but false negatives are not – in other words, a query returns either "possibly in set" or "definitely not in set". A cuckoo filter can also delete existing items, which is
not supported by Bloom filters.
In addition, for applications that store many items and
target moderately low false positive rates, cuckoo filters can achieve
lower space overhead than space-optimized Bloom filters.[1]
L. Arlene “Buddy” Clay (1912–2016) was a symphony performer, volunteer plane spotter, and Alaskan judge.
This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Frankston North in Victorian state elections.
The Science Fiction & Fantasy Translation Awards was a literary award for science fiction and fantasy works translated into English.[1][2] The first award was presented in 2011 for works published in 2010.[3] Two awards were given, one for long form (40,000 words) and one for short form. Both the author and translator receive a trophy and a cash prize of $350.[3] The award was supported a number of ways including direct donations from the public, the Speculative Literature Foundation, prominent academics in particular staff at the University of California, Riverside (UCR), home of the Eaton Collection, one of the world’s largest collections of science fiction and fantasy literature.[3] The last award was for 2013, and the award officially closed in October 2014.[4]

Grace Hirst (née Bracken, 9 August 1805 – 8 September 1901) was a New Zealand businesswoman, farmer, nurse and midwife. She was born in Midgley, Yorkshire, England on 9 August 1805 as Grace Bracken. She married Thomas Hirst on 22 June 1829 at Halifax, West Yorkshire.[1]
Smallcombe is an English locational surname originating from South West England, particularly the West Country counties of Wiltshire, Devon and Somerset. Small is a description of size and combe is a local word meaning cleft or valley (cf Welsh 'cwm' and Celtic 'cumb'). A 'small combe' is, then, a geographical feature and combe is found in many place names in South West England.
Robert William Sennewald (November 21, 1929 – March 17, 2023) was a United States Army general.
The 2011 FEI Nations Cup was the 2011 edition of the FEI Nations Cup, a premier international team Grand Prix show jumping competition run by the FEI. It was held at eight European venues from May 13 to August 26, 2011.
Gmina Wieliczki is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Olecko County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. Its seat is the village of Wieliczki, which lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-east of Olecko and 139 km (86 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Na Mon (Thai: นามน, pronounced [nāː mōn]) is a district (amphoe) in the eastern part of Kalasin province, northeastern Thailand.
Surafel Dagnachew Mengistu (Amharic: ሱራፌል ዳኛቸው; born 11 September 1997) is an Ethiopian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Ethiopian Premier League club Fasil Kenema and the Ethiopia national team.[2][3]
Eduardo Zamacois y Quintana (17 February 1873 – 31 December 1971) was a Cuban-Spanish novelist and journalist. A leading figure of the boom of short novel collections in Spain,[1] and a representative of the bohemian literary scene in the country,[2] he spent a substantial part of his life in Paris and, following the end of the Spanish Civil War, exiled in the Americas.
Raffaele Rubattino (10 October 1810, Genoa – 2 November 1881) was an Italian entrepreneur and colonialist who started a shipping company that ran merchant ships on the routes to the Mediterranean and the Red Sea. He was also a founder of the Italian navy
"The Dream (Hold On to Your Dream)" is a song written by Giorgio Moroder, Pete Bellotte, and the song's performer, Irene Cara, for the 1983 film D.C. Cab. Although not included on initial pressings of Cara's What a Feelin' LP, the decision to release the film four months earlier than originally slated prompted an arrangement for her album to be reissued with the song. A slightly different version (more noticeable in the intro) was also included on the film's soundtrack album; an edited version was released on the 7-inch single, and the 12-inch single included a much longer dance remix.
Ellice is a surname, and may refer to:
This is a breakdown of the results of the 2009 German federal election. The following tables display detailed results in each of the sixteen states and all 299 single-member constituencies.
The American Place Theatre was founded in 1963 by Wynn Handman,[1] Sidney Lanier,[2] and Michael Tolan at St. Clement's Church, 423 West 46th Street in Hell's Kitchen, New York City, and was incorporated as a not-for-profit theatre in that year. Tennessee Williams and Myrna Loy were two of the original board members.

Dan Bellomy (1951 – August 29, 2008) was an American organist who performed on pipe and electric organs.  Bellomy's theater organ performances were acclaimed for their inclusion of the jazz idiom, and he was at times described as a pure jazz organist. He wrote scripts for and directed several local television shows.
Andre Bormanis (born February 13, 1959) is an American television producer, screenwriter, and author of the book Star Trek: Science Logs. Bormanis is most notable for his involvement in the long-running Star Trek franchise, and was the science consultant on Star Trek: The Next Generation, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: Voyager and Star Trek: Enterprise. He also wrote a number of episodes of the Star Trek: Voyager series and became a writer and producer on the Enterprise series, as well as acting as a science/technical advisor on two of the Next Generation films.
The History of Dalmatia concerns the history of the area that covers eastern coast of the Adriatic Sea and its inland regions, from the 2nd century BC up to the present day.
The Vienna Environmental Research Accelerator, VERA, is a particle accelerator.[1] It is operated by the University of Vienna and is dedicated to Accelerator Mass Spectrometry (AMS). It started operation in 1995.
Sorkheh Deh (Persian: سرخه ده; also known as Sorkh Deh and Sorkhdeh-e Fatḩābād)[1] is a village in Khaneh Shur Rural District, in the Central District of Salas-e Babajani County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 133, in 29 families.[2]
Solomon Kimhi was a Turkish rabbinical author who lived at Constantinople in the middle of the nineteenth century. In 1862 he published Meleket Shelomoh, in which he tried to prove that the Karaites are animals, that it is forbidden to teach them the Law, and that it is permitted to kill them. When the Karaites protested, the chief rabbi of Constantinople commanded that all the copies of the work which could be found should be burned. Kimhi wrote two other works: Yahel Shelomoh (Smyrna, 1870) and Yeme Shelomoh (Salonica, 1874).
Eugène Albert Athanase Callay (born February 21, 1822 in Montcornet, Aisne and died in Le Chesne, Ardennes March 24, 1896) was a French pharmacist and amateur botanist who worked on classifying the flora of the department of the Ardennes.[1][2]
The Washington DC Funk Parade is an annual music and art street festival held on U Street in Washington DC.[1] It is a free, day-long event that aims to unite the community through the celebration of funk music, visual arts and the diverse cultural history of the U Street neighborhood. The event features various live musical performances, live art demonstrations, community workshops and food vendors. The Funk Parade, in which dancers, marching bands, beat-boxers and various other creative art forms, closes the festival in the afternoon.[2]
VitalityLife, alongside sister brand VitalityHealth, provide insurance services to the UK market. VitalityLife specialises in selling life insurance directly to individuals, families and businesses; via financial advisers and insurance brokers. The company is one of two sister brands that make up Vitality Corporate Services. Vitality Corporate Services is a UK based company owned by South African insurer, Discovery Limited.[1]
Herschel Mayers, the Chief Executive Officer, heads the business’s executive team.[2][3]
Events from the 1520s in England.
Lying Eyes is a 1996 American made-for-television thriller film starring Cassidy Rae, Vincent Irizarry, Allison Smith and Jamie Rose. It was directed by Marina Sargenti. The film first aired on the National Broadcasting Company network on 9 December 1996.[1]
15°37′45″N 61°25′10″W﻿ / ﻿15.62917°N 61.41944°W﻿ / 15.62917; -61.41944
Richard L. Samuels (August 13, 1926 – April 14, 2001, in Flossmoor) was a Cook County Circuit judge at the Sixth Municipal District Courthouse in Markham, Illinois, for nearly 30 years. His most (in)famous Case was the high profiled rape case against Gary Dotson during the 1970s and 1980s. Dotson is the first American man who was [1] to be exonerated of a criminal conviction by DNA evidence.
The Law of São Tomé e Príncipe derives from Portuguese Civil law and is based on statutes. The Constitution of São Tomé and Príncipe, in force since 2003, is the supreme law of the country and is characterized by its rigid written form.
Arthur Sherwood Hillhouse (June 12, 1916 – October 27, 1980) was an American professional basketball player.[1]
Faith Keza is the CEO of Irembo Ltd, the Board Member in Rwanda Development Board (RDB) and the Board Member in Central Bank of Rwanda.[1][2][3]  She previously worked in Silicon Valley, California as a Software Engineer at Google, Delpix and Oracle.[4][5]
Teodor (Theodor, Theodore) Regedziński (Regedzinski, Reger) (28 April 1894 – 2 August 1954) was a Polish chess master of German origin.


The Stardust Best Thriller/Action Actress is chosen by the readers of the annual Stardust magazine. The award honours a star that has made an impact with their acting in that certain film.
Babalola is a Nigerian name of Yoruba origin meaning "Father is Wealth."[1] that may refer to:
Latarak (Lātarāk[2]) was a Mesopotamian god. He was most likely depicted as a figure clad in a lion's skin, or perhaps as a lion-like monster. He was regarded as a protective deity, invoked to defend doorways and ward off diseases. He was closely associated with Lulal, though the relationship between them varies between available primary sources, with some equating them and other treating them as a pair of similar, but not identical deities. He was worshiped in Mesopotamian cities such as Uruk, Nippur and Assur. It is also possible that a city named after him, Bāb-Lātarāk, existed, but the reading of this toponym is not certain. Outside Mesopotamia, he is attested in religious texts from Emar and in a trilingual god list from Ugarit.
The second Atlantic League was a Class D minor league baseball league that operated for one season in 1914.[2] The league had been known as the New York–New Jersey League a season earlier.[2]: 1  The league president was Rosslyn M. Cox,[1] who would later serve as the mayor of Middletown, New York.[3]
Khaled Abdul Gasem Othman Feghi Saleh or خالد عبد الجاسم عثمان فائقه صالح (born 1 December 1968) is a former Libyan sprinter who competed in the men's 100m competition at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He recorded an 11.65, not enough to qualify for the next round past the heats. His personal best is 11.15, set in 1997.[1]
The discography of Do As Infinity, a J-pop and rock band formed in Aoyama, Tokyo, Japan, consists of 13 studio albums, 5 live albums, 10 compilation albums, 31 singles, 19 video releases, and 39 music videos. Composer Dai Nagao of Avex Trax hosted auditions for a band in 1999, eventually choosing Tomiko Van as lead vocalist and Ryo Owatari as guitarist.[1] The trio released their first single "Tangerine Dream" in 1999 and released three more singles between 1999 and 2000 which appeared on their debut album Break of Dawn (2000). Break of Dawn did well commercially, peaking at No. 3 on the Japanese Oricon albums chart.[2] In December 2000, Nagao decided to devote all his time to composing the music and no longer appeared at live events.[3] Do As Infinity's next two studio albums released in 2001, New World and Deep Forest, both peaked at No. 1 on Oricon.[4][5] The band released their first greatest hits compilation album Do the Best in 2002, which also charted at No. 1.[6] Do As Infinity's next three studio albums charted in the top 5 of Oricon: True Song (2002) at No. 5,[7] Gates of Heaven (2003) at No. 3,[8] and Need Your Love (2005) also at No. 3.[9]
Non pensarci – La serie is an Italian television series.
Paulo Pereira de Almeida, Ph.D. (ISCTE) is a Portuguese academic.  He is a professor at ISCTE in the areas of Organization and Management of Business, Labor and Internationalization Business.
The Wedding Belles is a Canadian lifestyle television series that airs primarily in British Columbia and Alberta on several Shaw Media channels. Launched in 2010, the series focused on Sarah Groundwater Law's engagement and wedding planning with bridesmaid and best friend, Aubrey Arnason.  Since her marriage on June 28, 2011, the series looks at all types of matrimonial traditions and new ideas surrounding the multibillion-dollar industry.  Each episode features a unique wedding idea for the viewer to pull inspiration from.
Nest of Vipers (Italian: Ritratto di borghesia in nero, lit. 'Portrait of a Bourgeois in Black') is a 1978 Italian drama film directed by Tonino Cervi.[1]   
Based on the 1949 short story La maîtresse de piano (The Piano Teacher) by Roger Peyrefitte[2][3] and set in Venice under fascism, its themes include illicit sex, betrayal, revenge, blackmail, perjury, police corruption and murder.
Only Run is the fourth album by American musical project Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, self-released on June 3, 2014.
Abraham Willaerts (c. 1603 - 18 October 1669) was a Dutch Baroque painter, mostly of marine and harbor scenes. He also painted a number of single and family portraits.

William Thomson Young CBE JP (22 March 1912 – 18 October 2012) was an Australian politician.
Mikel Smith Gibbs (born 10 September 1963) is a retired American-Spanish professional basketball player.
Chiara Ingrao (born 25 April 1949) is an Italian politician.
André Meynier (11 September 1901 – 22 March 1983) was a French geographer born in Angers, France. He was the husband of Yvonne Meynier, whom he married on August 20, 1927.
Dimethyl(trifluoromethylthio)arsine is an arsenical compound developed by the United States military chemical weapon research program, which is described as "one of the most potent lung irritants known."[1][2]
Change of Heart is the fifth studio album by British singer Beverley Craven, released on 1 September 2014.[1] The album includes 10 new songs, as well as a newly recorded version of her 1991 single "Memories", originally from her debut album. A vinyl edition was made available only through Craven's website and was limited to 250 copies.[citation needed]

The 1860 Grey and Bell by-election was a by-election held on 28 May during the 2nd New Zealand Parliament in the Taranaki electorate of Grey and Bell.
Borne [ˈbɔrnɛ] (German Borne) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Dębno, within Myślibórz County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northwestern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Dębno, 16 km (10 mi) south of Myślibórz, and 71 km (44 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.

William Helmsley (died 1404), of York, was an English draper and Member of Parliament.
The 2015 Omloop Het Nieuwsblad was the 70th edition of the Omloop Het Nieuwsblad road cycling race, traditionally seen as the beginning of the cobbled classics season along with the Kuurne–Brussels–Kuurne the following day. It was rated as a 1.HC race as part of the 2015 UCI Europe Tour. The race took place on 28 February 2015, starting and finishing in the city of Ghent.[1]
The Air Cargo Challenge is an aeronautical engineering competition that is held in Europe every two years.[1]
Miloš Šobajić (Serbian Cyrillic: Милош Шобајић; French: Milos SobaÏc) 23 December 1945 – 24 April 2021) was a Serbian and French painter and sculptor.
Nesthäkchen is a German television series directed by Gero Erhardt [de], which was broadcast as the fifth Christmas series of the ZDF 1983. It is based on Else Ury's novels Nesthäkchen and Her Dolls (1913), Nesthäkchen's First School Year (1915), and Nesthäkchen in the Children's Sanitorium (1915/1921). The story revolves around Annemarie Braun, who is called Nesthäkchen, the youngest child of a doctor's family. Annemarie grows up with her brothers Hans and Klaus in Berlin during the imperial era shortly before the First World War.[1]
Stanisław Kazimierz Gościniak (born 18 July 1944) is a Polish former volleyball player and coach, a member of the Poland national team from 1965 to 1974 and the 1974 World Champion. He was a participant in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. Gościniak was inducted into the Volleyball Hall of Fame in 2005.
A "burn notice" is an official statement issued by an intelligence agency to other agencies. It states that an asset or intelligence source is unreliable for one or several reasons, often fabrication, and must be officially disavowed.[1] This is essentially a directive for the recipient to disregard or "burn" all information derived from that individual or group.[2]
Diego Luis Soñora (born 17 July 1969 in Buenos Aires) is an Argentine former professional footballer who played as a defender or midfielder. He is the father of Alan Soñora and Joel Soñora.[1][2]
At common law, substantial performance is an alternative principle to the perfect tender rule. It allows a court to imply a term that allows a partial or substantially similar performance to stand in for the performance specified in the contract.
The Seven Natural Wonders of Romania (Romanian: Cele Şapte Minuni Naturale ale României) are the seven natural wonders of Romania, which were chosen in the Seven Natural Wonders of Romania contest held in July, 2008. It was the second stage of the Seven Wonders of Romania program started in 2007. The voting consisted of two parts: experts in Romania voted for their seven best sites, and internet users voted for their seven favorite sites on the official website.[1]
The Emporia Nationals were a minor league baseball team based in Emporia, Virginia. From 1948 to 1951, Emporia played as members of the Class D level Virginia League, winning the 1950 league Championship. The Emporia Nationals were a minor league affiliate of the Washington Senators (today's Minnesota Twins). The team played as the "Rebels" in 1951, with Emporia hosting minor league home games at Slagle Stadium.
Haicheng (Chinese: 海城; pinyin: hǎichéng) is a town under the administration of Haifeng County, Guangdong, China.[1] As of 2018[update], it had 13 residential communities and 9 villages under its administration.[2]
Heredia is a surname originating in a place-name. One such surname is Basque, derived from the village Heredia in Álava, Basque Country.[1][2]  Another form seems be related to a root derived from Old Danish and Old Swedish Erik and Eirikr. It is listed in the Domesday Book of 1086.
Minna Martha Schilling (28 May 1877 – 22 April 1943) was a German politician. In 1919 she was one of the 36 women elected to the Weimar National Assembly, the first female parliamentarians in Germany. With the exception of a seven-month spell in 1924, she remained a member of parliament until 1928.
Richard Renick Hoberg[1] (/ˈhoʊbɜːrɡ/; born June 7, 1952) is an American comics artist and animator.
William Norris (July 2, 1802 – January 5, 1867) was an American steam locomotive builder.  He founded the Norris Locomotive Works and through this company pioneered the use of the 4-2-0 (the Norris type) locomotive type in America during the 1840s.
Nová Ves nad Žitavou (Hungarian: Zsitvaújfalu) is a village and municipality in the Nitra District in western central Slovakia, in the Nitra Region.[1] The village lies at an elevation of 164 metres (538 ft) and covers an area of 10.173 km2 (3.928 sq mi). It has a population of about 1,270 people, with a distribution of approximately 99% Slovak and 1% Magyar. It was first mentioned in historical records in 1355.[2] Since 1925 the village has a football club.
The Philemon Wright/Asa Locke Farm, better known as "Wright-Locke Farm," is a historic farm at 78 Ridge Street in Winchester, Massachusetts.  The organic farm grows and sells produce and offers educational programs for children and adults on land now owned by the Wright-Locke Land Trust.[2]
Marj al-Saffar or Marj al-Suffar (Arabic: مرج الصفر Marj aṣ-Ṣafar) is a large plain to the south of Damascus. Marj al-Saffar is bounded to the north by the right bank of the al-A'waj river, which flows from Mount Hermon to the Sabkhat al-Hijana. In the south the plain is bounded by the lava field of the Lajat (the largest, geologically recent lava-field in the south of Syria, roughly situated between Umm al-Qusur and Ghabaghib mountain). In the south-east, it is disputed whether the volcanic area of the al-Safa or the village of Jubb al-Safa that marks the boundary of the plain. Marj al-Saffar is bounded to the west by the village of Kanakir and in the north-west by the lava flow of Zakiyah. The railway line from Damascus to Daraa bounds Marj al-Saffar to the east.
Verena Stefan (3 October 1947 – 29 November 2017) was a Swiss-born[1] feminist and writer living in Germany, later in Canada.[2]
Oesman Sapta Odang (born 18 August 1950) is an Indonesian politician of the People's Conscience Party (Hanura), who served as the speaker of the Regional Representative Council and deputy speaker of the People's Consultative Assembly between 2014 and 2019. He had also served in the latter position between 2002 and 2004.
Ayahuanco District is one of eight districts of the province Huanta in Peru.[1]
Bleiker is a Swiss manufacturer of bolt-action rifles aimed solely for use in ISSF and CISM target shooting. Unlike their larger competitors (e.g. J. G. Anschütz or Feinwerkbau), Bleiker has a narrow product range with no hunting line, and no entry level or intermediate models in their target line. Their product line is designed to be competitive at World Championship and Olympic Games level.
Green Meadows is a neighborhood in South Los Angeles, California, with a population of more than thirty thousand people. Green Meadows is within the South Los Angeles Community Plan area and is the home of Locke College Preparatory Academy.
The 2021 Villanova Wildcats football team represented Villanova University in the 2021 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by fifth-year head coach Mark Ferrante and played their home games at Villanova Stadium. They competed as a member of the Colonial Athletic Association.
The Kosanica (Serbian Cyrillic: Косаница) is a river in southern Serbia. It is a southern, right tributary of the Toplica near Kuršumlija. The river is 34 km long and gives its name to the area it flows through, which constitutes with the south part of Kuršumlija municipality in south Serbia.
The Great Circus Parade is a parade of marching bands, circus wagons, clowns, performers, and animals. Between 1963 and 2009, it has been held 30 times in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and a few times in Chicago and Baraboo, Wisconsin.[1] A fundraiser for the Circus World Museum,[2] the parade typically draws hundreds of thousands of attendees.[1] The parade recreates how people in the late 19th century and early 20th century gathered along stops on a circus's route to see whether a circus was worth viewing.[3]
The Yankee Fork Salmon River is a 28-mile (45 km)[2] tributary of the Salmon River in Custer County, Idaho in the United States. It originates in the Salmon River Mountains, in the Salmon-Challis National Forest, and flows south to its confluence at Sunbeam, about 10 miles (16 km) east of Stanley.
Ajab is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Christie Burke (born October 20, 1989) is a Canadian actress known for her portrayal of Renesmee Cullen in The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn – Part 2. The actor graduated from New Westminster Secondary School in 2007.[1]
Brian McKenna (August 8, 1945 – May 5, 2023) was a Canadian documentary film director.[1] He was best known for his prize-winning films on Canadian history and exploration of the world at war.
Rex Kieffer (May 8, 1929 – October 26, 2001) was a member of the Ohio House of Representatives.[1]
Drinking Again is the 13th studio album by singer Dinah Washington that was released in 1962 by Roulette Records.[1] The album was arranged by Don Costa and contains cover versions of jazz, blues, and pop standards.
Surcouf was a T 47-class destroyer of the French Navy. She was the fourth French ship named in honour of privateer and slave trader Robert Surcouf.

The ambassador of Turkey to Brazil is the official representative of the president and the government of the Republic of Turkey to the president and government of the Federative Republic of Brazil.
Ilomastat (INN),[1] (codenamed GM6001, proprietary name Galardin®) is a broad-spectrum matrix metalloproteinase inhibitor.[2][3][4]
Gatineau Power Company was an electricity generation and distribution company in Quebec, Canada.[1][2]
Niquelao! (sometimes called Nailed It! Spain) is a Spanish reality competition streaming television series, that premiered on 25 October 2019 through Netflix. In the series, three amateur bakers compete to replicate complicated cakes and confectionery in order to win a €5,000 cash prize and a Niquelao! trophy. This baking reality competition show is a Spanish adaptation of the American show, Nailed It![1]
Qelqëz (def. 'Qelqëza') is a mountain located in the Dangëlli Highlands, in southern Albania. Part of the only mountain range that is divided into three branches, Qelqëz, the tallest peak 1,662 m (5,453 ft), highlights the first branch which commences at Miçan Pass, continues through Qelqëz, Dëllënjë Pass and finally at Mali i Piskalit 1,437 m (4,715 ft), gradually descending towards the upper reaches of Lengaricë river in the southeast. Along its course, it connects with the mountains of Postenan 1,552 m (5,092 ft) and Melesin 1,441 m (4,728 ft).[1]
Gottfried "Jeff" Rainer was an Austrian photojournalist active from the 1950s to the 1970s.
Autogram (English: Autograph) is the sixteenth studio album by Serbian pop-folk singer Ceca. It was released on 25 June 2016,[1] around three years after the release of her previous album.

Neil Farren (25 March 1893 – 7 May 1980),[1] Bishop of Derry and Apostolic Administrator, was an Irish educator, activist, and Roman Catholic priest.
A picot is a loop of thread created for functional or ornamental purposes along the edge of lace or ribbon, or crocheted, knitted or tatted fabric. The loops vary in size according to their function and artistic intention.

Sir Peter James Denton Job (born 13 July 1941) is a British journalist and businessman who was CEO of Reuters from 1991 to 2001.[1]
The American Tobacco Company Warehouses Complex is a pair of brick warehouses built around 1900 in Madison, Wisconsin. They are now the two most intact remnants of Madison's tobacco industry, and were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2003.[2]
The Wood House is a historic house at the southeast corner of New Hampshire Routes 101 and 137 in Dublin, New Hampshire. Built in 1890, it is a locally distinctive example of Shingle style architecture with Romanesque features. The house was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]
Pleasant Township is one of twenty-one townships in LaPorte County, Indiana. As of the 2010 census, its population was 3,380 and it contained 1,427 housing units.[3]
The 2005 New York Giants season was the franchise's 81st season in the National Football League (NFL). The Giants finished the regular season with 11 wins and 5 losses and came in first place of the NFC East. However, they would be shut out at home by the Carolina Panthers in the Wild Card round of the playoffs.
Clowns Lounge is the thirteenth studio album by Enuff Z'Nuff.[1] It is mainly an archival release that features previously unreleased demo songs of their recording sessions from 1988-1989 in Wisconsin, back when the band was creating their first self-titled release on ATCO Records. The title of the album is a reference to a strip club they frequented in-between sessions. The songs mostly feature singer Donnie Vie and bassist Chip Z'Nuff, along with guitarist Derek Frigo and drummer Vikki Foxx.[2] One newly recorded song, "Dog On a Bone," has bassist Z'Nuff on lead vocals but with no involvement from Vie.[3]  Another song, "The Devil Of Shakespeare," was originally recorded around 2004, co-written by author Billy McCarthy for his debut book of the same name. That track features McCarthy on drums, the late Jani Lane of Warrant on vocals, along with James Young of Styx on lead guitar.[4]
Petrit Bushati (20 October 1948 – 22 November 2014) was an Albanian ambassador to the Republic of Macedonia.
Chumiętki [xuˈmjɛntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Krobia, 12 km (7 mi) south of Gostyń, and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
Ishac Diwan (born 1957 in Beirut, Lebanon) is a prominent Lebanese economist. He currently teaches economics at l'École normale supérieure and is Director of Research at a new center which he co-founded with the French economist Daniel Cohen and other colleagues called Finance for Development Lab located at the Centre pour la recherche économique et ses applications (CEPREMAP).[1][2]
Stanislav Vladimirovich Lebedintsev (Russian: Станислав Владимирович Лебединцев; born 18 March 1978) is a former Russian professional footballer.[1]
Morocco competed at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing, China.[1]
Kalaveh (Persian: كلاوه, also Romanized as Kalāveh)[1] is a village in Badr Rural District, in the Central District of Ravansar County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 101, in 22 families.[2]
Madagascar elects on the national level a head of state – the president – and a legislature. The president is elected for a five-year term by the people, by absolute majority through a two-round system. The Parliament has two chambers. The National Assembly (Antenimieram-Pirenena/Assemblée Nationale) has 151 members, elected for a five-year term in single-member and two-member constituencies. In single-member constituencies, representatives are elected by simple majority, in the two-member constituencies, closed party lists are used, with the two seats distributed using a highest averages method.[1][2] The Senate (Sénat) has 33 members, 22 members elected by the regions by provincial electors, and 11 members appointed by the president, all for 5 year terms.
Ryan Christian Yarbrough (born December 31, 1991) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB). He has previously played in MLB for the Tampa Bay Rays. The Seattle Mariners selected Yarbrough in the fourth round of the 2014 MLB draft.
Arun (Nepali: अरुण) is a rural municipality (गाउँपालिका) out of seven rural municipalities of Bhojpur District of Province No. 1 of Nepal. There are a total of 9 municipalities in Bhojpur in which 2 are urban and 7 are rural.
Kenneth Kurtz (born February 15, 1947) is a Republican politician from Michigan who was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 2009 until 2014.[1]
Glen Vowell is an Indian reserve community of the Gitxsan people in the Hazelton area of the Skeena Country of northwestern British Columbia, Canada.  It is located on the west side of the Skeena River between Hazelton and Kispiox. Its traditional name is Sik i dak, which has also been spelled Sikadoak and is reflected in the name of the reserve, Sik-e-dahk IR 2.[1]  Also nearby is another Indian reserve, Anlaw Indian Reserve No. 4.[2]  The band government of the reserve is the Glen Vowell Indian Band, which also goes by the name Sik-e-Dakh.[3]
Alison Riske is the defending champion.
Riske successfully defended her title, defeating Akgul Amanmuradova in the final.
Kep National Park (Khmer: ឧទ្យានជាតិកែប) is a national park in Cambodia's Kep Province that was established in 1993 and covers an area of 66.64 km2 (25.73 sq mi)[1] The nearest town lies at Kep.
SM U-7 (Austria-Hungary) may refer to one of the following World War I German U-boats:
Dunlea is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
UFC Fight Night: Dillashaw vs. Cruz (also known as UFC Fight Night 81) was a mixed martial arts event held on January 17, 2016, at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts.[2]
Kangru is a village in Märjamaa Parish, Rapla County in western Estonia.[1]
Aq Toqeh (Persian: آق تقه, also Romanized as Āq Toqeh, Āqtūgeh, and Āq Tūqeh; also known as Āqloqqeh and Āq Toqeh-ye Jadīd)[1] is a village in Zavkuh Rural District, Pishkamar District, Kalaleh County, Golestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 461, in 98 families.[2]

N. S. Balaraman was an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Tamil Nadu. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as a Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Arakkonam constituency in the 1971 election.[1]
The TWJ Foundation is a charity providing grants to ENT Specialist Registrars who are currently on a numbered otolaryngological training programme in the British Isles, in order to enhance their otological experience. These grants include major overseas Otology Fellowships.
Liane Synek (17 September 1922 – 6 September 1982) was an Austrian operatic soprano. She made a career based in Germany, at the Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden, the Staatsoper Berlin and the Cologne Opera, and appeared at international major opera houses and festivals, such as the Bayreuth Festival. She appeared mostly in dramatic roles such as Beethoven's Fidelio, and Wagner's Sieglinde, Brünnhilde and Isolde. She also performed in contemporary operas, creating the role of Countess de la Roche in Zimmermann's Die Soldaten in Cologne in 1965, conducted by Michael Gielen.
Peter John Vipond (born December 8, 1949) is a retired professional ice hockey winger who played 3 games in the National Hockey League for the California Golden Seals during the 1972–73 season. The rest of his career was spent in various minor leagues, and he retired in 1978.
Jelovice (pronounced [ˈjeːlɔʋitsɛ]) is a settlement in the western Haloze Hills in the Municipality of Majšperk in northeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. It is now included with the rest of the municipality in the Drava Statistical Region.[2]
Stav Zalait (born October 4, 1995) is an Israeli footballer who plays for Hapoel Azor.[1]
Dienedione, also known as estra-4,9-diene-3,17-dione, is a synthetic, orally active anabolic-androgenic steroid (AAS) of the 19-nortestosterone group that was never introduced for medical use. It is thought to be a prohormone of dienolone.[1] The drug became a controlled substance in the US on January 4, 2010,[2] and is classified as a Schedule III anabolic steroid under the United States Controlled Substances Act. Previous to this, it was sold as a bodybuilding supplement within the United States, and often mistakenly marketed as a prohormone for trenbolone, a veterinary steroid. Prior to its scheduling, it was part of a number of supplements that were seized during FDA enforcement of Bodybuilding.com for selling unapproved new drugs.[3] The actual active metabolite, dienolone, is almost identical to trenbolone structurally, but lacks the C11 double bond.
Luisa Passerini (born 1941) is an Italian cultural historian. Formerly Professor of Cultural History at the University of Turin, she is an external Professor of History at the European University Institute, Florence, and Visiting Professor in the Oral History Masters Program at Columbia University, New York.
Djamaa (Arabic: ﺟﺎﻣﻌﺔ) (also written Jama'a[2]) is a town and commune in El Oued Province, Algeria. According to the 2008 census it has a population of 50,916,[1] up from 37,438 in 1998,[2] with an annual growth rate of 3.1%.[1]
William H. Wait (July 26, 1842 – February 15, 1902) was an American politician from New York.
Major floods along the Mississippi River in April and May 2011 were among the largest and most damaging recorded along the U.S. waterway in the past century, comparable in extent to the Great Mississippi Flood of 1927 and Great Flood of 1993.  In April 2011, two large storm systems deposited record levels of rainfall on the Mississippi River drainage basin.  When that additional water combined with the springtime snowmelt, the river and many of its tributaries began to swell to record levels by the beginning of May. Flooding occurred in Illinois, Missouri, Kentucky, Tennessee, Arkansas, Mississippi, and Louisiana.
Vincenzo Valente (21 February 1855 in Corigliano Calabro – 6 September 1921 in Naples) was an Italian composer and writer.  He was known for his Neapolitan songs and for his operettas.
The Price of Freedom is a role-playing game published by West End Games in 1986.
Siak (Jawi: سياك‎), is a regency (kabupaten) of Riau Province, on the island of Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 8,556.09 km² and had a population of 376,742 at the 2010 Census[3] and 457,940 at the 2020 Census;[4] the official estimate as at mid 2022 was 477,550, comprising 246,186 males and 231,364 females.[5] The administrative centre of the regency is located at Siak Sri Indrapura. The northern part of this regency contains a large part of the Bukit Batu Biosphere Reserve.
The men's scratch competition at the 2022 UEC European Track Championships was held on 13 August 2022.[1]
The William I. Koch International Sea Scout Cup is a biannual Sailing Regatta put on by the William I. Koch International Sea Scout Cup Association, Inc. in conjunction with the  Sea Scouting (Boy Scouts of America). The event was founded by Bill Koch in 2002 in order to allow Sea Scouts from around the world to compete. The original National Sea Scout Sailing Championship began in the 1930s but went dormant when Sea Scouts left the program to serve in World War II.[1]
Today Sea Scouts from around the world gather for a week of friendly competition. Scouts from Australia, Brazil, Denmark, Egypt, England, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Liberia, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Sweden, Trinidad and Tobago, Turkey, and the United States have participated.[2]
"Hey! Say!" is the first single from the temporary group Hey! Say! 7, which later became Hey! Say! JUMP. The songs "Hey! Say!" and "BON BON" are both opening and ending themes for the anime Lovely Complex.
"All I Ask For Anymore" is a song written by Casey Beathard and Tim James, and recorded by American country music singer Trace Adkins. It was released in May 2009 as the third and final single from his album X.  The song overlapped with the chart run of Blake Shelton's "Hillbilly Bone", on which Adkins is also credited.
The Office of the Secretary of Defense Identification Badge is a military badge issued to members of the United States armed forces who are permanently assigned to the Office of the Secretary of Defense (OSD) and its subordinate offices, and in addition, to some of the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities.
Polemi (Greek: Πολέμι) is a village in the Paphos District of Cyprus.
Closing Arguments is the fourth full-length studio album by Lucky Boys Confusion, released in 2009. It is their first full-length release since being dropped by Elektra Records, and also their first since 2003's Commitment.
Belmont Heights is a district in the south-east portion of the city of Long Beach, California, United States, bordering the Pacific Ocean and the more commercial community of Belmont Shore. The district commemorates the old City of Belmont Heights, which was incorporated in 1908 and annexed to Long Beach in 1909.[1]  Belmont Heights' borders are Ocean Boulevard and Livingston Drive to the south, Redondo Avenue on the west, 7th Street to the North, and Nieto Avenue to the east. The area is mostly residential, but also has an active business district, the strip of Broadway east of Redondo Avenue.[2]
The Journal of Comparative Physiology B: Biochemical, Systemic, and Environmental Physiology is a monthly peer-reviewed scientific journal of comparative physiology. It was established in 1984, when it was split off from the Journal of Comparative Physiology. The editor-in-chief is Gerhard Heldmaier (Universität Marburg). The journal become electronic only in 2017.
Nadine Moussa is a Lebanese lawyer and political activist who ran for the 2014 Lebanese general election. She also ran as an independent candidate for the 2014 Lebanese presidential election. She was the first woman to run for presidency in Lebanon. The presidential election was postponed to 2016. The general election was postponed to 2017 and again until 2018. She did not win either contest.
67°30′S 50°30′E﻿ / ﻿67.500°S 50.500°E﻿ / -67.500; 50.500
The Scott Mountains  are a large number of isolated peaks lying south of Amundsen Bay in Enderby Land of East Antarctica, Antarctica. Discovered on 13 January 1930 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) under Sir Douglas Mawson. He named the feature Scott Range after Captain Robert Falcon Scott, Royal Navy. The term mountains is considered more appropriate because of the isolation of its individual features.[1]
In Greek mythology, Melaneus (/ˈmɛlənˌjuːs/; Ancient Greek: Μελανεύς) may refer to the following personages:

Stephen Donald Hopper AC FLS FTSE (born 18 June 1951)[1] is a Western Australian botanist. He graduated in Biology, specialising in conservation biology and vascular plants. Hopper has written eight books, and has over 200 publications to his name. He was Director of Kings Park in Perth for seven years, and CEO of the Botanic Gardens and Parks Authority for five. He is currently Foundation Professor of Plant Conservation Biology at The University of Western Australia. He was Director of the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew from 2006 to 2012.[2]
De Michele (alternatively DeMichele or De Michèle) is an Italian and French surname meaning "of Michele". People with the surname include:
"Dancing in the Dark" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna for the soundtrack to the 2015 film Home. It was written by Ester Dean, Maureen Anne McDonald and Rihanna together with its producers Stargate.
Elklick Woodlands Natural Area Preserve is a 226-acre (91 ha) Natural Area Preserve located in Fairfax County, Virginia. Owned by the Fairfax County Park Authority, it is protected with a local conservation easement, and preserves a globally rare natural community known as a "northern hardpan basic oak-hickory forest".  This kind of forest occurs on diabase soil with an underlay of dense plastic clay; such terrain is called "shrink-swell soil" due to extreme variations in moisture availability exhibited throughout the year. Trees which grow in such an environment are stunted, and their relatively open canopies encourage the growth of a wide variety of grasses and herbs in the understory. Such forests were once common around northern Virginia, but many have been lost due to increasing suburbanization of the area.[2]
Jerome August Neudecker (August 13, 1930 – January 11, 1997) was an American Major League Baseball umpire who worked in the American League from 1966 to 1985.  He wore number 6 when the league adopted uniform numbers in 1980.
Bonded neo powder is produced by processing specific combination of elements that result in distinct magnetic and physical characteristics. These powders are the primary material used in the manufacture of bonded rare earth permanent magnets, which, in turn, are used in motors and sensors utilized in a wide variety of products for consumer and industrial end markets. Neodymium metal, one of the rare earth elements, is the primary raw material in neo powder. It is alloyed with iron and boron, occasionally along with other elements in small quantities (such as cobalt). The alloy is melted and then rapidly solidified by melt spinning to produce neo powders with the desired characteristics for the manufacture of bonded neo magnets.
Melodifestivalen 2012 is a Swedish song contest that was held between 4 February and 10 March 2012. It selected the fifty-second Swedish entry to be internationally represented in the Eurovision Song Contest 2012 (ESC 2012).[1]
French Azilum (French: Asile français) was a planned settlement built in 1793 in Bradford County, Pennsylvania for French refugees fleeing the French Revolution and slave uprisings in Saint-Domingue.[1]  Several influential Philadelphians, including Stephen Girard, Robert Morris and John Nicholson, Pennsylvania's comptroller general, were sympathetic to the exiles, and also saw a chance to profit financially.
The 1987 Virginia Slims of Houston was a women's tennis tournament played on outdoor clay courts at the Westside Tennis Club in Houston, Texas in the United States and was part of the Category 3 tier of the 1987 WTA Tour. It was the 17th edition of the tournament and was held from April 20 through April 26, 1987. Third-seeded Chris Evert won the singles title and earned $30,000 first-prize money.[1][2][3][4]
Loi-ai (also known as Lwe-e) was a Shan state in the Myelat region of what is today Burma. It was one of the westernmost Shan states, bordering with Yamethin district of Upper Burma. The capital was Lonpo (Aungpan) and the population was mostly Pa-O, but there were also Danu, Shan and Karen people in the area.[1]
Earle Davis Gregory (October 18, 1897 – January 6, 1972) was an American soldier and World War I Medal of Honor recipient for his heroic actions in 1918 during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in France.
Edi M. Shukriu (born 1950) is a Kosovar political figure, archaeologist, and writer.
Ndeyssaan (English title: The Price of Forgiveness) is a 2001 French / Senegalese film.
Jiří Horák (24 April 1924 in Hradec Králové – 25 August 2003 in Englewood, Florida) was a Czech politician. He was the first chairman of the Czech Social Democratic Party after the Velvet Revolution in 1989. 
The Princess is a beauty pageant in Japan that selects the contestant to represent each district at this beauty pageant. It started in 2007, and is held annually throughout Japan.
Robert Lee Lavette (born September 8, 1963) is a former American football running back in the National Football League (NFL) for the Dallas Cowboys and Philadelphia Eagles. He played college football at Georgia Institute of Technology.
Dona Paula (17 February 1823 – 16 January 1833) was a princess of the Empire of Brazil and thus, a member of the Brazilian branch of the Portuguese House of Braganza. Her parents were Emperor Dom Pedro I, the first ruler of an independent Brazil, and Archduchess Leopoldina of Austria. Born in Rio de Janeiro, Paula was the couple's third child; she lost her mother at the age of three and her father at the age of eight, when he abdicated and left Brazil for Portugal, where he wanted to restore the throne of Paula's eldest sister, Maria da Glória, who should have become queen regnant of Portugal.
Dragan Škrbić (Serbian Cyrillic: Драган Шкрбић; born 29 September 1968) is a former Serbian handball player. He was named the 2000 IHF World Player of the Year.[1]
Johann Karl Balduin von Bruhn (16 March 1803, Herzhorn – 9 August 1877, Altona) was a German journalist and revolutionary.  Due to his philosophical beliefs, Bruhn joined the League of Outlaws and the League of the Just.  When the League of the Just dissolved into the Communist League, Bruhn joined the Communist League.  However, in 1850, Bruhn was expelled from the Communist League.  Later from 1861-1866, Bruhn was the editor of the Lassallean newspaper Nordstern in Hamburg, Germany.[1]
In Greek mythology, Agamemnon (/æɡəˈmɛmnɒn/; Greek: Ἀγαμέμνων Agamémnōn) was a king of Mycenae who commanded the Greeks during the Trojan War. He was the son (or grandson) of King Atreus and Queen Aerope, the brother of Menelaus, the husband of Clytemnestra, and the father of Iphigenia, Electra, Laodike, Orestes and Chrysothemis.[1] Legends make him the king of Mycenae or Argos, thought to be different names for the same area.[2] Agamemnon was killed upon his return from Troy by Clytemnestra, or in an older version of the story, by Clytemnestra's lover Aegisthus.
Alexander Vdovin (Russian: Александр Вдовин; born 21 August 1993) is a Russian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Continental team Lokosphinx.[2] His twin brother Sergey Vdovin is also a professional cyclist.[3]
Otakar Janecký (born 26 December 1960 in Pardubice, Czechoslovakia) is a retired Czech ice hockey forward.
Gotham Records was an American record label formed by Sam Goode (Goody) and Ivin Ballen in New York City in 1946.[1] In January 1948 Ballen acquired the interest of Goode and became the sole owner. He then moved the company to Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, where the label was based for the rest of its existence until 1956. The label specialized in rhythm and blues. Ivin Ballen died in Miami Beach, Florida, in February 1978.[2]
Vincent Perry was an American businessman and industrialist. Perry built and operated a number of textile mills in late 19th century Philadelphia and Germantown.
The Family Peace Association was inaugurated on December 2, 2017, in Seoul, South Korea, where it announced its mission: "To enlighten humanity by uplifting their spiritual consciousness through universal principles and values rooted in God-centered families.".[1][2][3][4]
Henri Hitier (16 June 1864 – 1 April 1958) was a French agronomist.
"Sexy Dance Healing" is the eighth episode of the sixth season of the animated comedy series Bob's Burgers and the overall 96th episode, and is written by Rich Rinaldi and directed by Chris Song and Bernard Derriman. It aired on Fox in the United States on February 21, 2016. In the episode, Bob must take legal action after he slips on the sidewalk and needs to pay for surgery, and ends up under the care of Jairo, who attempts to heal him without a doctor. Meanwhile, Gene, Louise, and Tina create a fake law firm to settle their discrepancies towards each other.
"The Elder" and "the Younger" are epithets generally used to distinguish between two individuals, often close relatives. In some instances, one of the pair is not known as "the Elder" or "the Younger", e.g. Carl Linnaeus; in such cases, they are not listed in a separate column but rather in the notes of the other person.

Okanagan-Westside was a provincial electoral district for the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia, Canada from 2001 to 2009.
The 2012 Victoria Curling Classic Invitational was held at the Archie Browning Sports Centre in Victoria, British Columbia from March 29 to April 1 as part of the 2011–12 World Curling Tour. The purse for the men's and women's events was CAD$72,000 and CAD$18,000, respectively.
Mandolyn Wind Ludlum (born March 28, 1974),[1] better known by her stage name Mystic, is an American singer and rapper from the San Francisco Bay Area.[2] After touring and recording with Digital Underground she released her debut solo album in 2001.
Home and Away: All or Nothing is a television film and spin-off of the Australian soap opera Home and Away. It was written by Louise Bowes and directed by Arnie Custo. All or Nothing premiered on 26 January 2017 (Australia Day) on Foxtel on Demand, Foxtel Play and Presto. It was commissioned along with Home and Away: Revenge following the success of the 2015 telefilm Home and Away: An Eye for an Eye, which broke Presto streaming records. All or Nothing is a sequel to Revenge and like the previous specials it features current and returning Home and Away cast members.
Cat-Man and Kitten (also Catman and Kitten) are a pair of fictional superhero characters created by artists Irwin Hasen (Cat-Man)[1][3] and Charles M. Quinlan (Kitten)[2] with unknown writers. Cat-Man was first published in 1940 by various Frank Z. Temerson companies. Due to circumstances during World War II, an altered version of Cat-Man was published in Australia and reprinted in the 1950s. AC Comics later revived the characters in the 1980s.
Hantangang Station was a railway station on the Gyeongwon Line in South Korea.
Arthur: The Quest for Excalibur is an illustrated interactive fiction video game written by Bob Bates and published by Infocom in 1989. It was released for the Apple II, Amiga, Macintosh, and IBM PC compatibles. Atypically for an Infocom product, it shows illustrations of locations, characters and objects within the game. It is Infocom's thirty-fourth game and is the second of two Infocom games developed by Challenge using Infocom's development tools.[1]
Youngs Memorial Cemetery is a small cemetery in the village of Oyster Bay Cove, New York in the United States of America. It is located approximately one and a half miles south of Sagamore Hill National Historic Site. The cemetery was chartered in 1900 and was located on land owned by the Youngs family.[1]
Saint Thomas Aquinas College (STAC) is a Roman Catholic private school located at the corner between Bagares Street and Concepcion Street, Barangay Zone IV, Sogod, Southern Leyte, Philippines. It is considered one of the oldest schools in Southern Leyte, serving the community since January 6, 1946. One of its sister schools are the Saint Teresa School of Hilongos (STSH) and Saint Anthony's High School (SAHS) of Anahawan.
In anaesthesia and advanced airway management, rapid sequence induction (RSI) – also referred to as rapid sequence intubation or as rapid sequence induction and intubation (RSII) or as crash induction[1] – is a special process for endotracheal intubation that is used where the patient is at a high risk of pulmonary aspiration. It differs from other techniques for inducing general anesthesia in that several extra precautions are taken to minimize the time between giving the induction drugs and securing the tube, during which period the patient's airway is essentially unprotected.[2]
The Blitzkrieg series is a collection of real-time tactics (RTT) computer games set in World War II.[1]
Mikhail Olegovich Makarov (Russian: Михаи́л Оле́гович Мака́ров; March 12, 1962 – 1988), known as The Executioner (Russian: Палач), was a Soviet serial killer, who from February to May 1986 committed three murders and one attempted murder in Leningrad. He was sentenced to death and executed in 1988.
Yeni Asmarani (born 20 March 1992) is an Indonesian badminton player from Djarum club.[2][3]
Moshé Pinchas Feldenkrais (Hebrew: משה פנחס פלדנקרייז, May 6, 1904 – July 1, 1984) was a Ukrainian-Israeli engineer and physicist, known as the founder of the Feldenkrais Method, a system of physical exercise that aims to improve human functioning by increasing self-awareness through movement.
Dorogusha (Russian: Дорогуша) is a rural locality (a village) in Nikolotorzhskoye Rural Settlement, Kirillovsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.[2]
Indiana has long been considered to be a Republican stronghold and is rated R+11 on the Cook Partisan Voting Index. The current governor of Indiana is Republican Eric Holcomb, and Republicans hold supermajorities in both chambers of the Indiana General Assembly. It has only supported a Democrat for president four times since 1912 - in the elections of 1932, 1936, 1964, and 2008. Historically, the state was a swing state, voting for the national winner all but four times from 1816 to 1912, with the exceptions of 1824, 1836, 1848, and 1876.[1]

51°23′06″N 0°31′55″W﻿ / ﻿51.385°N 0.532°W﻿ / 51.385; -0.532
Margaret Allen Howe (1897–1989) was a pioneer for Squash in America. She was born in Greenfield, Massachusetts. She won the U.S. Women's Squash Singles National Championship in 1929, 1932 and 1934 after giving birth to a son, William Francis Howe Jr., in 1922 and twin daughters (and future squash champions) Betty and Peggy in 1924.[1]
Otto Klineberg (2 November 1899, in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada – 6 March 1992, in Bethesda, Maryland) was a Canadian born psychologist.
He held professorships in social psychology at Columbia University and the University of Paris. His pioneering work in the 1930s on the intelligence of white and black students in the United States and his evidence as an expert witness in Delaware were instrumental in winning the Supreme Court school segregation case Brown v. Board of Education in 1954. Through his work in UNESCO and elsewhere, he helped to promote psychology internationally.
The Volvo Albatross was a golf tournament on the Swedish Golf Tour 1985–1989. It was played near Gothenburg, Sweden.
Peter Lehmann (born 3 September 1950 in Calw, Black Forest, West Germany), D. Phil. h.c., is an author, social scientist, publisher, and an independent freelance activist in humanistic anti-psychiatry, living in Berlin, Germany.[1]
Jason Byrne is the author of the book Guide to Webcams, originally published by Prompt Publishing in August 2000. Prior to writing the book, Byrne was a reviewer and Technical Director of Government Computer News, a trade publication focusing on IT use in federal, state, and local government. His writings have also appeared in The Washington Post and he has been a guest on a number of programs including The Diane Rehm Show on NPR.
The Texas Faithful Service Medal is a campaign/service award of the Texas Military Department that may be issued to a service member of the Texas Military Forces.[1] Subsequent awards are denoted by a cactus device.[2]
West Pasco is a census-designated place (CDP) in Franklin County, Washington, United States. The population was 3,739 at the 2010 census.[1]
In marketing, promotion refers to any type of marketing communication used to inform target audiences of the relative merits of a product, service, brand or issue, most of the time persuasive in nature. It helps marketers to create a distinctive place in customers' mind, it can be either a cognitive or emotional route. The aim of promotion is to increase brand awareness, create interest, generate sales or create brand loyalty. It is one of the basic elements of the market mix, which includes the four Ps, i.e., product, price, place, and promotion.[1]
Jerrard is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Juan Manuel Lucero Campos (born 26 May 1985) is an Argentine naturalized Chilean former footballer who played as a winger for clubs in Chile, Argentina, Paraguay and Brazil.[1]
Sinagua High School was the third public district high school in Flagstaff, Arizona. It opened in 1989 and was closed in 2009. Three other schools were also closed at the same time.
The school's colors were royal blue and gray. The mascot was the Mustangs.
The Magok-i-Kurpa Mosque is a historical mosque in the Uzbek city of Bukhara. It was built in 1637. The mosque is located in the historical center of Bukhara, about 250 meters southwest of Po-i-Kalyan and 10 meters west of Toqi Telpak Furushon trading dome. It is a part of UNESCO World Heritage Site  Historic Centre of Bukhara.[1]
Philip Hale (March 5, 1854 in Norwich, Vermont – November 30, 1934 in Boston, Massachusetts) was an American music critic.
Oscar Macias Hernández  (born February 1, 1969) is a Cuban baseball player and Olympic silver medalist.
The Zagreb Synagogue (Croatian: Zagrebačka sinagoga) was the main place of worship for the Jewish community of Zagreb in modern-day Croatia. It was constructed in 1867 in the Kingdom of Croatia-Slavonia within the Austrian Empire, and was used until it was demolished by the Ustaše fascist authorities in 1941 in the Axis-aligned Independent State of Croatia.
Elm Court is an Italianate style mansion located at 315 Bellevue Avenue in Newport, Rhode Island. Part of the Bellevue Avenue Historic District, it was built in 1853 and designed in the Italianate style by George Champlin Mason Sr. In 1882, McKim, Mead & White renovated the remodeled and enlarged the house after it was bought in c. 1875 by Adele L. S. Stevens, who also had the interiors redone by Ogden Codman Jr. Since 1896, Elm Court has been owned by the same family and remains a private residence.
Negin Mirhasani Vahed is an Iranian artist manager, producer and costume designer and the first female theater producer in Iran. She has also been responsible for the costume design of a variety of plays and television series.[1][2][3][4][5]
Bernie Swain is an American businessman and author. He is the co-founder with Paula Swain and Harry Rhoads Jr. of Washington Speakers Bureau,[1] a lecture agency which represents many prestigious authors, politicians, journalists, athletes, and business leaders.
This table displays the top-rated primetime television series of the 2001–02 season as measured by Nielsen Media Research.[1]
Imanlu (Persian: ايمانلو, also Romanized as Īmānlū)[1] is a village in Hendudur Rural District, Sarband District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 161, in 38 families.[2]

Sister Gerard Fernandez (born 1938) is a Roman Catholic nun who is best known for her work as a death row counsellor in Singapore.[1]
Coast Guard Intelligence (CGI) is the military intelligence branch of the United States Coast Guard, and a component of the Central Security Service of the United States Department of Defense.
Sar Cheshmeh[1] (Persian: سرچشمه) is a village in Garmkhan Rural District, Garmkhan District, Bojnord County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 554, in 133 families.[2]
The Lowry Hill Tunnel is a tunnel 1,496 feet (456 m) in length accommodating the Interstate 94 (I-94) freeway near downtown Minneapolis, Minnesota that was completed in late 1971. It is placed at a near-right-angle turn in the highway, forcing the three lanes of traffic in each direction to slow down. The advised speed is 40 miles per hour (64 km/h).
Maurice Autora Morris (born December 1, 1979) is a former American football running back. He was drafted by the Seattle Seahawks in the second round of the 2002 NFL Draft and also played for the Detroit Lions.[1] He played college football at Oregon.
Papatoetoe Wildcats is an American football club established in 1986 in South Auckland, New Zealand. The club was founded as the Central Pirates by Pose Tafa, then the East Auckland Wildcats, but moved to South Auckland renaming them as the Papatoetoe Wildcats.
Fernyhough is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
This was the first edition of the tournament.
The 1897 Geneva Covenanters football team was an American football team that represented Geneva College as an independent during the 1897 college football season. Led by first-year head coach Ross Fiscus, Geneva compiled a record of 3–4–1.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to meals:
Mária Patakyová (born 14 May 1963) is a Slovak lawyer and law professor, who served as the Ombudsman in Slovakia from 2017 to 2022.
Transitions Online (Transitions - formerly TOL) is a media development organization and online journal covering news and events in the 31 post-Communist countries of Eastern Europe, Central Europe, South Eastern Europe, Russia, the Baltics, the Caucasus, Central Asia. It was founded in the Czech Republic in 1999.
Events of the year 1968 in Brazil
Bharadwaj (Hindi: भारद्वाज) is a surname mostly used by Brahmins. Notable people with the surname include:
Daniel Lee Feldman (born June 22, 1949) is an American lawyer, author, politician and professor at John Jay College of Criminal Justice. He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1981 to 1998, representing the 45th Assembly District, which includes part of Manhattan Beach, Brighton Beach and Sheepshead Bay. In 2016, Feldman was elected as a fellow for the National Academy of Public Administration.[4]
Oulad Amrane (Arabic: أولاد عمران, romanized: ʾŪlād ʿAmrān) is a small town and rural commune in Sidi Bennour Province of the Casablanca-Settat region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 11,866 people living in 2167 households, including khamija.[1]
Latif Imanov (15 September 1922, Shusha, Azerbaijan SSR – 12 March 1980, Baku, Azerbaijan SSR, USSR) was an Azerbaijani physicist, full member of the Azerbaijan Academy of Sciences (1976), pedagogue, Honored Scientist of Azerbaijan SSR (1979).[1][2]
"Freisinn" (free spirit, free mind) is a poem written by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in 1815, first published in West–östlicher Divan in 1819.
Mafekhabl (Russian: Мафэхабль; Adyghe: Мафэхьабл) is a rural locality (an aul) in Kirovskoye Rural Settlement of Maykopsky District, Russia. The population was 140 as of 2018.[2] There are 7 streets.[3] The village was founded after the Circassians of Kosovo emigrated to the Republic of Adyghea in the Russian Federation as refugees due to the war. 
Samuel Jesse Brown (October 3, 1917 – August 23, 1990) was a fighter pilot and a major in the United States Air Forces during World War II.[1][2]
Bank Transfer Day was a consumer activism[1] initiative calling for a voluntary switch from commercial banks to not-for-profit credit unions by November 5, 2011.[2][3][4] As of October 15, 2011, a Facebook page devoted to the effort had drawn more than 54,900 "likes".[5] Debit card fees of $5 a month from the Bank of America are among steps leading to the Bank Transfer Day protest with a November 5 deadline.[6] Occupy Wall Street participants support the effort[7] even though the events are not related.[8]  Among the detractors were Occupy Los Angeles participants: Sigurd Olin Christian, creator of the Bank Transfer Day event, stated that "he was accosted by Occupy Los Angeles organizers and has even received threatening phone calls" because of his pro-credit union rather than anti-bank approach.[9]


This is a partial list of learned societies, professional bodies and engineering societies operating in Ireland:
Henry Otto Wittpenn (October 23, 1871 – July 25, 1931) was an American politician who served as the Mayor of Jersey City, New Jersey from January 1, 1908 to June 16, 1913. He was a member of the New Jersey State Highway Commission and was the president of both the Hoboken Land and Improvement Company and the First National Bank of Hoboken. He was also a director of the First National Bank of Jersey City.
XBill is an arcade style game for the X Window System. The game features a bespectacled character known as "Bill" (a spoof of Bill Gates). The goal is to prevent Bill's legions of clones from installing "Wingdows", a virus "cleverly designed to resemble a popular operating system" (a parody of Windows), on a variety of computers running other operating systems. It was very popular among Linux gamers at the end of the 1990s, beating out Quake, though not Quake II, as Linux Journal reader's favourite Linux game in 1999.[3]
Calbera or Calvera is a locality located in the municipality of Beranuy, in Huesca province, Aragon, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 16.[2]
Giovanni Girolamo Naselli (1640–1709) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Luni e Sarzana (1695–1709)[1] 
and Bishop of Ventimiglia (1685–1695).[2]
St. Joseph School was a Catholic school in Endicott, New York. 2009 was its final year of operation.
These Are the Days is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Lit.[4] It was released on December 15, 2017. In a musical departure from their previous records, this album showcases the band blending their traditional alternative rock sound with country rock.[1][5] It is their only album that does not feature an official drummer and is their last album with guitarist Ryan Gillmor as he departed the band following the recording sessions.
Raffaello Romanelli (13 May 1856 – 3 April 1928) was an Italian sculptor, born in Florence, Italy.
Millers Ferry is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.[1] The Millers Ferry Lock and Dam is located near the community on the Alabama River.
Moose Junction is an unincorporated community in the town of Dairyland, Douglas County, Wisconsin, United States.
The Girl Spy: An Incident of the Civil War is a 1909 American silent film produced by Kalem Company and directed by Sidney Olcott with Gene Gauntier in the leading role. A story of the Civil War.
PalaFantozzi is an indoor sporting arena that is located in Capo d'Orlando, Italy. The arena is named after former Italian professional basketball player, Alessandro Fantozzi. The seating capacity of the arena is 3,613 people.[1]
Hermeneutics is the theory and methodology of interpretation. The tradition of Western hermeneutics starts in the writings of Aristotle and continues to the modern era.
In abstract algebra, a multiplicatively closed set (or multiplicative set) is a subset S of a ring R such that the following two conditions hold:[1][2]
Ratas is an Estonian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Fazienda de Ultramar is an Old Spanish book from the early 13th century,[1] that is composed of a geographical and historical journey in the form of a guide for pilgrims to the Holy Land. It has similarities to travel guides and Biblical texts in Romance languages. 
The University of Michigan Women's Ice Hockey team represents the University of Michigan (U-M) in Women's Division 1 of the American Collegiate Hockey Association (ACHA) and in the Central Collegiate Women's Hockey Association (CCWHA). The team was founded in 1994 and has been consistently strong throughout its existence, winning a pair of CCWHA playoff titles (in a total of ten appearances in the league championship game) and qualifying for 13 of the 18 ACHA National Tournaments held for women's teams, a number that ranks third all-time behind Massachusetts and Michigan State.
Puka Puka (Quechua puka red,[2] the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something, "a complex of red color", also spelled Puca Puca) is a 4,242-metre-high (13,917 ft) mountain in the Bolivian Andes. It is located in the Cochabamba Department, Arque Province, Arque Municipality.[1][3]
Robert Dennis Scrabis (born March 26, 1936) is a former American football player who played with the New York Titans. He played college football at Pennsylvania State University.[1]
Jesús Torbado (4 January 1943 – 22 August 2018[1]) was a Spanish writer, journalist and traveler.[2] He was born in León and studied journalism in Madrid. He won the 1965 Premio Alfaguara for his novel Las corrupciones. In 1976, he won the Premio Planeta for En el día de hoy, a book about the Spanish Civil War. In 1993, he won the Premio Ateneo de Sevilla for El peregrino.
The 1987 Sul America Open was a men's tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts in Itaparica, Brazil that was part of the 1987 Nabisco Grand Prix. It was the second edition of the tournament and took place from 23 November through 29 November 1987. Eighth-seeded Andre Agassi, who entered on a wildcard, won the singles title.[3]
A radio operator (also, formerly, wireless operator in British and Commonwealth English) is a person who is responsible for the operations of a radio system.  The profession of radio operator has become largely obsolete with the automation of radio-based tasks in recent decades.[1]  Nevertheless, radio operators are still employed in maritime[2] and aviation fields.[3]  In most cases radio transmission is now only one of several tasks of a radio operator.[4][5]  In the United States, the title of Certified Radio Operator is granted to those who pass a test issued by the Society of Broadcast Engineers.
David Macarthur is an Australian philosopher and Professor of Philosophy at the University of Sydney who works primarily on skepticism, metaphysical quietism, pragmatism, liberal naturalism and philosophy of art (especially film, photography and architecture). He has taken up these and other themes in articles on the philosophy of Stanley Cavell, Hilary Putnam, Richard Rorty and Ludwig Wittgenstein. 
The Italian Roman Catholic Diocese of Cuneo (Latin: Dioecesis Cuneensis) was created in 1817, from territory that previously had belonged to the Diocese of Mondovì. It is suffragan of the Archdiocese of Turin.[1] The first bishop of Cuneo was Bruno di Samone.
Altıgöz is a village in the District of Ceyhan, Adana Province, Turkey.[1]
Desislava Topalova (also transliterated as Dessislava Topalova, Bulgarian: Десислава Топалова; born 8 June 1978) is a retired tennis player from Bulgaria.[1]
Karl-Heinz Frieser (born 1949 in Pressath, Bavaria) is a German military historian and a retired colonel of the German Army.
Wladimir Yordanoff (Bulgarian: Владимир Йорданов; 28 March 1954 – 6 October 2020)[1] was a French actor of Bulgarian origin. He appeared in more than sixty films since 1979.
Flicker is a visible change in brightness between cycles displayed on video displays. It applies to the refresh interval on cathode ray tube (CRT) televisions and computer monitors, as well as plasma computer displays and televisions.
The Yale–Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) is a test to rate the severity of obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) symptoms.
The Tashkent Challenger is a tennis tournament held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan since 2008. It is currently part of the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP) Challenger Tour and is played on outdoor hard courts.
Akuku is an Edoid language of Nigeria.
Gmina Mieroszów is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Wałbrzych County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland. Its seat is the town of Mieroszów, which lies approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) south-west of Wałbrzych, and 79 kilometres (49 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Sacconi is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Telephony Application Programming Interface (TAPI) is a Microsoft Windows API, which provides computer telephony integration and enables PCs running Microsoft Windows to use telephone services. Different versions of TAPI are available on different versions of Windows. TAPI allows applications to control telephony functions between a computer and telephone network for data, fax, and voice calls. It includes basic functions, such as dialing, answering, and hanging up a call. It also supports supplementary functions, such as hold, transfer, conference, and call park found in PBX, ISDN, and other telephone systems. 
The Kate Chopin House, also known as the Bayou Folk Museum or Alexis Cloutier House, was a house in Cloutierville, Louisiana. It was the home of Kate Chopin, author of The Awakening, after her marriage.
Estadio Las Flores is a football stadium located in Jalapa, Guatemala. It is home to first division club Deportivo Jalapa (Los Tigres); its capacity is 15,000.
Sharab Goruh (Persian: شرابگروه, also Romanized as Sharāb Gorūh)[1] is a village in Sarfaryab Rural District, Sarfaryab District, Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 104, in 18 families.[2]
The Office of the Ombudsman is an independent officer of Parliament appointed under Section 66 of the Antigua and Barbuda Constitution. It is accredited as a national human rights institution (NHRI) but with the lowest ('C') status accorded by the International Co-ordinating Committee of NHRIs (ICC). It has only limited participation in the regional NHRI network, the Network of National Institutions in the Americas. Like most ombudsman offices it is primarily concerned with addressing maladministration in public bodies, rather than human rights violations.
Luiz Marenco (born December 22, 1964 in Porto Alegre) is a Brazilian folk musician and composer.[1]
Líneik Anna Sævarsdóttir (born 3 November 1964) is an Icelandic politician who is a member of the Althing (Iceland's parliament) for the Northeast Constituency since 2013[1] and she has also served as the Deputy Chairman of the Constitutional and Supervisory Committee since 2017.[2]
Choe Jae-u (Korean: 최재우) (1913-2004) was a North Korean politician and technocrat who served as a Vice Premier of North Korea.
The Szczecin-Dąbie Airstrip (ICAO code: EPSD; Polish: Lotnisko Szczecin-Dąbie; German: Flugplatz Stettin-Dąbie), historically also known as Stettin Airfield (German: Flugplatz Stettin), and Dąbie Lake Airfield (German: Flughafen am Dammschen See), is a small airstrip on the Eastern bank of the Oder river in Dąbie, Szczecin, Poland. The original grass landing strip was built in 1921 and was used for domestic flights of Deutsche Luft Hansa over the following years. After World War II, LOT began serving the airfield, which remained the only one in Szczecin until 23 May 1967, when Solidarity Szczecin–Goleniów Airport was opened.
 Skingen  (Dutch: Schingen) is a small village in Waadhoeke in the province of Friesland, the Netherlands. It had a population of around 115 in January 2017.[3]
1907 in philosophy
The KZ900 reconnaissance pod is an airborne signals intelligence (SIGINT) pod, used by the Chinese military, that was first revealed to the public at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, in 1998. It was designed by Southwestern Institute of Electrical and Electronics (SIWEE) in Chengdu.[1]
Rzecko [ˈʐɛt͡skɔ] (German: Rietzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Choszczno, within Choszczno County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) east of Choszczno (Arnswalde) and 69 km (43 mi) south-east of the regional capital Szczecin (Stettin).
Bernard Ghiro (born August 28, 1960) is a Solomon Islands politician and a former member of the National Parliament of the Solomon Islands.
Eladio Dieste (December 1, 1917 – July 29, 2000) was a Uruguayan engineer  who made his reputation by building a range of structures from grain silos, factory sheds, markets and churches, most of them in Uruguay and all of exceptional elegance.
Sand Island is a dune-covered island in the Columbia River,[1] and part of Rooster Rock State Park.[2]
The Mandan Refinery is the largest oil refinery in North Dakota, located within the northeastern corner of the city limits of Mandan, ND just north off Exit 153 of Interstate 94. As of 2022 it has a capacity of 76,000 barrels (12,100 m3) per day.[1] The facility is owned by Marathon Petroleum.
Georges Creek Valley is located in Allegany County, Maryland along the Georges Creek.  The valley is rich in wide veins of coal, known historically as "The Big Vein."  Coal was once extracted by deep mines but is only mined today through surface mining.  The Georges Creek Valley was once a major center for the US coal industry.
Le Tronchet (French pronunciation: ​[lə tʁɔ̃ʃɛ]; Breton: Ar Granneg) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Mara'akame's Dream (Spanish: El sueño del Mara'akame) is a 2016 Mexican drama film, directed and written by Federico Cecchetti. The film plot is about a young boy who dreams to travel to Mexico City to play with his band, but his father, a Mara'akame (chaman hichol), has a different plan for his future. The film premiered at the 14th Morelia International Film Festival and was awarded Best First of Second Mexican Feature Film.[1]
Angelo Paravisi[1] (15 September 1930 – 2 September 2004) was the bishop of Crema from 1996 to 2004.
The 2015–16 Memphis Tigers women's basketball team will represent the University of Memphis during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The season marks the third for the Tigers as members of the American Athletic Conference. The Tigers, led by eighth year head coach Melissa McFerrin, plays their home games at the Elma Roane Fieldhouse. They finished the season 18–13, 12–6 in AAC play to finish in fourth place. They lost in the quarterfinals of the American Athletic women's tournament where they lost to Tulane. They were invited to the Women's National Invitation Tournament where they lost to Tennessee–Martin in the first round.
Péter Sebestyén (born May 16, 1994) is a Hungarian motorcycle racer, competing in the 2022 Supersport World Championship for the Evan Bros. Yamaha team. He has raced in the Superbike World Championship,[1] the FIM Superstock 1000 Cup, the 2010 and 2011 125cc World Championships, the Spanish 125GP Championship, the German 125GP Championship, the European Junior Cup and the Red Bull MotoGP Rookies Cup.
Canada is divided into six time zones. Most areas of the country's provinces and territories operate on standard time from the first Sunday in November to the second Sunday in March and daylight saving time the rest of the year.[1]
Ivan Naumov (Bulgarian: Иван Наумов), nicknamed Alyabaka or Alyabako was a Bulgarian revolutionary, a member of the Internal Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization (IMARO).[1][2][3][4]
Ruth M. Rothstein (April 5, 1923 - August 4, 2013) was a nationally recognized public health activist who lived by the conviction that health care is a right, not a privilege, and that institutions have a responsibility to the community.
Industry of Ukraine has a strong material and technical base.[1][2] The value of fixed assets is 644,767 million ₴ (as of 2007), which is almost 2.3 times more than the value of fixed assets in 2000. The complex employs more than 3.6 million workers, who together brought in industrial profits of 43,700.9 million ₴ (2007), which is 5 times more than in 2001.
Ubuntu Restricted Extras is a software package for the computer operating system Ubuntu that allows the user to install essential software which is not already included due to legal or copyright reasons.
The 2022 General Tire 150 was the second stock car race of the 2022 ARCA Menards Series, the first race of the 2022 ARCA Menards Series West and the 2022 Sioux Chief Showdown, and the third iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, March 11, 2022, in Avondale, Arizona at Phoenix Raceway, a 1-mile (1.6 km) permanent low-banked tri-oval race track. The race was run over 154 laps due to an overtime finish. Taylor Gray of David Gilliland Racing would win the race after leading 43 laps. This was Gray's first career ARCA Menards Series win and his fourth career west series win. It was an emotional win, as Gray dedicated it to Steven Stotts, the DGR hauler driver who was killed following an accident in Longview, Texas, on March 8.[1] To fill out the podium, Daniel Dye of GMS Racing and Sammy Smith of Kyle Busch Motorsports would finish 2nd and 3rd, respectively.
Mars Area High School is a high school located in Mars, Pennsylvania.
Ergasteria (Ancient Greek: Ἐργαστήρια) was an inland town of ancient Mysia on the road from Pergamum to Cyzicus, 440 stadia from Pergamum. It was noted by Galen as near a source of a metallic substance he called molybdaena.[1] It was also known for silver mining in antiquity.[2]
A mine roller or mine trawl is a demining device mounted on a tank or armoured personnel carrier, designed to detonate anti-tank mines. It allows engineers to clear a lane through a minefield which is protected by enemy fire.

Frederick May (9 June 1911 – 8 September 1985) was an Irish composer and arranger. His musical career was seriously hindered by a lifelong hearing problem and he produced relatively few compositions.
Ken Ziffren (born June 24, 1940) is an American entertainment attorney. In 1978, he co-founded the Century City-based entertainment law firm  Ziffren Brittenham LLP.[1] In 2014, Los Angeles mayor Eric Garcetti appointed Ziffren as the city's second "film czar" to advocate on behalf of the city to the state of California in regards to tax credits for in-state film production, taking the position over from the late Tom Sherak.[2][3][4] As of 2021, he has remained in this role.[5]
Yasmin, also spelled as Yasmeen, is a Pakistani actress known for her work in Pakistani cinema. Her career spanned over two decades during which she appeared as a leading lady as well as supporting roles in the films of Golden Age of Pakistani cinema. She retired from acting after her marriage with Shaukat Hussain Rizvi.
The MÁV Class 411 was a class of steam locomotives used by Hungarian railways.
The Vic Fazio Yolo Wildlife Area is a 3,700 acres (15 km2) wetland restoration project constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and Ducks Unlimited within the Yolo Bypass Wildlife Area located in the Yolo Bypass in Yolo County, California, between the cities of Sacramento and Davis. The Yolo Causeway, part of Interstate 80, runs through it. The restoration was named for Congressman Vic Fazio, who lobbied for the project and was instrumental in appropriating funds for the initial construction. The Yolo Bypass Wildlife Area was dedicated in 1997 by President Bill Clinton. The facility is managed by the California Department of Fish and Wildlife while the educational programs and public tours are administered by the Yolo Basin Foundation, which works to educate and inform the public.
Hilda Josefina Amalia Anderson Nevárez (10 October 1938 – 5 July 2011) was a Mexican trade union leader and politician from the Institutional Revolutionary Party. She served as Deputy on five legislatures of the Mexican Congress (1964–97; 1970–73; 1982–85; 1988–91 and 2000–03) and as Senator from 1976 to 1982 representing Sinaloa.[1][2][3]
In Major League Baseball, a player to be named later (PTBNL) is an unnamed player involved in exchange or "trade" of players between teams. The terms of a trade are not finalized until a later date, most often following the conclusion of the season.
Taiwan Fund for Children and Families (TFCF; Chinese: 台灣兒童暨家庭扶助基金會) is a nonprofit organization in Taiwan that provides services to vulnerable children and families who are below 18 years of age. “Livelihood Supports” and “Child Protection”[1] are its two main target programs. Regardless of race, religion and gender, TFCF was founded in 1950 with a helping hand from Christian Children's Fund, a NGO from Virginia, United States.[2] It went independent during 1985. Presently, it has 24 branch offices, 1 Ta-Tung Children's Home and other 11 Affiliates, 3 Non-profit Kindergartens as well as 7 overseas branch offices in Mongolia,[3] Kyrgyzstan,[4] Kingdom of Eswatini,[5] Vietnam,[6] Cambodia,[7] Jordan,[8] and Philippines. [9] They also collaborate with ChildFund International USA, Children Believe, ChildFund Australia, and PLAN BØRNEfonden to provide children sponsorship program to help over 50,000 needy children across 34 countries.
The conus papillaris is a feature of the reptilian eye which originates from the ventro-temporal optic nerve head and rises into the vitreous.[1] It is believed to supply retinal nutrition.[2] It is similar in function to the avian pecten oculi.[1] It is functionless in adult crocodilians, and has been almost entirely replaced by other structures in most snakes.[1]
Gumnisko [ɡumˈniskɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokolniki, within Wieruszów County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Sokolniki, 12 km (7 mi) east of Wieruszów, and 95 km (59 mi) south-west of the regional capital Łódź.[1]
Jebibong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 710 metres.[1]
Oluwatosin Demehin (born 13 March 2002 ) is a Nigerian footballer who plays as a defender. She plays for Nigeria women's national football team.[1]
University of Oslo's Human Rights Award honours individuals who have made important contributions in different fields. The award was launched in 1986 and since then, it is awarded every year to notable people from  different walks of life. Those years when the award was not distributed are 1997, 1999, 2003, and 2004.
Netball at the Commonwealth Games was first played in 1990 as a demonstration sport. It has been an official Commonwealth Games sport since 1998. Together with the Netball World Cup, the Commonwealth Games netball tournament is one of the two major tournaments in international netball. All the major netball playing nations are members of the Commonwealth of Nations. Australia have been the tournament's most successful team, winning four gold medals. New Zealand have won two gold medals. Between 1998 and 2014, Australia and New Zealand contested every final and won every gold and silver medal between them. In 2018, England became only the third team to both reach the final and win the gold medal. [1][2][3]
Pietrzyków [pjɛˈtʂɨkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Koźminek, within Kalisz County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 17 km (11 mi) east of Kalisz and 118 km (73 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Prignac (French pronunciation: ​[pʁiɲak]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Le Juch (French pronunciation: ​[lə ʒyk]; Breton: Ar Yeuc'h) is a commune in the Finistère department and administrative region of Brittany in north-western France.
Çavuşbaşı, historically Dahni,[1] is a village in the Oğuzeli District, Gaziantep Province, Turkey.[2][3]
The Canton of Val d'Oingt (before March 2020: canton of Le Bois-d'Oingt)[2] is a French administrative division, located in the Rhône department.
Bryshon Lorenzo Nellum (born May 1, 1989) is an American sprinter. He graduated from University of Southern California in 2012 with a degree in  Public Administration and Social Service Professions and is currently[when?] a graduate student.
Tampa Heights is one of the oldest neighborhoods within the city limits of Tampa, situated in the central part of the city. As of the 2000 census, the neighborhood had a population of 16,393.

Theodore Bruce McCall (29 December 1911 – 16 January 1969) was an Anglican bishop in Australia.[1]
The Sergeant Was a Lady is a 1961 American comedy film written and directed by Bernard Glasser. The film stars Martin West,[1] Venetia Stevenson,[2] Bill Williams, Catherine McLeod,[3] Roy Engel, and Gregg Martell. The film was released on October 4, 1961, by Universal Pictures.[4][5][6]


The Headstone Museum, also known as the Harrow Museum, is the local history museum for the London Borough of Harrow in England.
List of Murals by Luc Tuymans is a list of mural paintings and other murals by the Belgian artist Luc Tuymans (born June 14, 1958). Tuymans is best known for his paintings which explore our relationship with history and confront our seeming ability to ignore it. World War II is a recurring theme in his work. He is a key figure of the generation of European figurative painters who gained renown at a time when many believed the medium had lost its relevance due to the new digital age. Much of Tuymans’ work deals with moral complexity, specifically the coexistence of ‘good’ and ‘evil’. His subjects range from major historical events such as the Holocaust to the seemingly inconsequential or banal: wallpaper, Christmas decorations or everyday objects for example.
Marta C. Cohen OBE is a clinical pediatric pathologist, and currently head of the Department of Histopathology and Clinical Director of Pharmacy, Pathology, and Genetics at Sheffield Children's Hospital, and an honorary professor at the University of Sheffield. Her clinical work focusses on sudden infant death.[1]
Golf equipment encompasses the various items that are used to play the sport of golf.  Types of equipment include the golf ball, golf clubs, and devices that aid in the sport.
Elise Aubert (8 February 1837 – 30 November 1909) was a Norwegian novelist, short-story writer, and non-fiction writer.[1]
The Anglican Diocese of the South is a diocese of the Anglican Church in North America, encompassing 50 parishesin the American states of Alabama, Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, North Carolina, Tennessee and West Virginia, as well as Christ Church Plano, the provincial pro-cathedral under the oversight of Bishop of the South Foley Beach in his capacity as ACNA archbishop.[2] The state with most parishes is Georgia, with 23. The diocesan headquarters are located in Atlanta, Georgia. Holy Cross Cathedral in Loganville, Georgia, serves as the cathedral.[3]
Wong Sok I (born 15 January 1993)[1] is a Macau karateka. She won one of the bronze medals in the women's kumite 55 kg event at the 2018 Asian Games held in Jakarta, Indonesia.[1][2] In her bronze medal match she defeated Syakilla Salni of Malaysia.[1]
The Jamaican Chess Championship is the yearly national chess championship of Jamaica. The first edition was played in 1969. The championship is usually a twelve-player round-robin tournament. The championship is also used as a qualifier for the Chess Olympiads.
48°52′38″N 2°16′4″E﻿ / ﻿48.87722°N 2.26778°E﻿ / 48.87722; 2.26778
Domenico Balestrieri (1714–1780) was an Italian scholar, writer and poet. He gained his fame as an author of "dialectal" works in Milanese language, for which he is considered one of the classics of Milanese literature. Baestrieri's work was a major inspiration source for later Milanese writers such as Carlo Porta.[1]
The Bahrain Aid Flotilla was an effort to show solidarity with the people of Bahrain during the Bahraini uprising.[1]
The Toro de la Vega (Bull of the Meadow) is a Spanish medieval bull festival and tournament celebrated in the town of Tordesillas in Valladolid, Spain.[1][2] The tournament consists of hundreds of lancers chasing – either by foot or on horseback – a bull through town streets, corralling it into an open area. Once the bull has been drawn out away from town, it is killed by spearing. The tournament follows a series of strict rules and procedures dating back to the mid 16th century.     
Nagorny Park (Russian: Нагорный парк) — is the oldest park in Barnaul, Altai Krai, Russia.
The 1925 San Jose State Spartans football team represented State Teachers College at San Jose[note 1] during the 1925 college football season.
A Nhà thờ họ (chữ Nôm: 茹𠄜户, lit. 'lineage hall or clan ancestral house') or từ đường (chữ Hán: 祠堂) is a Vietnamese traditional place of worship of a clan or its branches which established by male descendants of paternal line. This type of worship place is most commonly seen in northern Vietnam as well as middle Vietnam.[1]
 The Anchor Line was a steamboat company that operated a fleet of boats on the Mississippi River between St. Louis, Missouri, and New Orleans, Louisiana, between 1859 and 1898, when it went out of business. It was one of the most well-known, if not successful, pools of steamboats formed on the lower Mississippi River in the decades following the American Civil War.
IDT Global Israel is a multi-lingual contact services company headquartered in Jerusalem, Israel.
Tübän Bäräskä (Tatar: Түбән Бәрәскә, romanized: Tübän Bäräskä) is a rural locality (a selo) in Ätnä District, Tatarstan. The population was 881 as of 2010.[1]
The Documentary is the major-label debut studio album by American rapper the Game. It was released on January 18, 2005, by Aftermath Entertainment, G-Unit Records, and Interscope Records. The record serves as his major-label debut, preceded by his independently released debut Untold Story in 2004. In 2001, while the Game was in hospital recovering from a shooting, he decided to pursue a career in music. He released the mixtape, "Q.B. 2 Compton" under his then record label "Get Low Recordz" in 2002, which was later was discovered by Dr. Dre and led to him signing the Game to his label, Aftermath Entertainment. The album includes production from high-profile producers such as Dr. Dre, Kanye West, Scott Storch and Timbaland, among others, and guest appearances from 50 Cent, Eminem, Nate Dogg and Faith Evans, among others. This would be the Game's only album on Aftermath and G-Unit Records, as he left the label later in 2006 after a feud began between him and fellow G-Unit label-mate 50 Cent.
The Party for Democracy and Rally (French: Parti pour la démocratie et le rassemblement, PDR) was a political party in Burkina Faso led by Daouda Bayili.
Pravenec (Hungarian: Kispróna) is a village and municipality in Prievidza District in the Trenčín Region of western Slovakia.
Magic Reservoir is a reservoir on the Big Wood River on the border of Blaine and Camas counties, Idaho. However, most of the reservoir is located in Blaine County. The reservoir and surrounding Bureau of Land Management land offers opportunities for boating, fishing, camping, and hunting, among other activities. The reservoir is impounded by Magic Dam, which was built in 1910.[3][4]
Faustine Mussa Baha (born 1981) is a Tanzanian long-distance runner.[1] He represented Tanzania in marathon at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, finishing in 33rd in a time of 2:17:39.[2]
John Wesley "Joe" Houser Jr. (born June 21, 1935) is a former American football offensive lineman who played in the National Football League for the Los Angeles Rams, Dallas Cowboys, and St. Louis Cardinals.  He played college football at the University of Redlands.
Jan Barták is a former ice dancer who represented Czechoslovakia. With Jana Beránková, he is the 1981 Prague Skate champion, the 1981 NHK Trophy bronze medalist, the 1982 Ennia Challenge Cup silver medalist, and a two-time Czechoslovak national champion. The duo finished in the top ten at four ISU Championships — 1981 Europeans in Innsbruck, Austria;  1981 Worlds in Hartford, Connecticut, United States; 1982 Europeans in Lyon, France; and 1982 Worlds in Copenhagen, Denmark.

Vasudevanallur block is a revenue block in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu, India. It has a total of 22 panchayat villages.
The Sibrevcomovsky Bridge (Russian: Сибревкомовский мост, Sibrevcomovsky Most) is a pedestrian bridge over the Ippodromskya Street, connecting the Tsentralny and Oktyabrsky districts of Novosibirsk, Russia. It was opened on November 7, 1926 by architect M. A. Ulianinsky. Previously, it was a road bridge.[1][2]
Cattle slaughter, especially cow slaughter is a controversial topic in Sri Lanka just like neighbouring India because of the cattle's traditional status as an endeared and respected living being to some sects of Hinduism and Buddhism while being considered an acceptable source of meat by Muslims as well as Christians and by some Hindus and Buddhists.[1] Cows are killed for the purpose of obtaining beef. The proposals on banning cattle slaughter were initiated in the past by pressure groups and politicians but the legislation to restrict cattle slaughter was not materialised and passed by any of the previous governments. The call for eradicating cattle slaughter was put forward by the Sinhala Buddhist groups in the past. In September 2020, a proposal was initiated to ban cattle slaughter.[2] On 29 September 2020, the government revealed that the cattle slaughter would be officially banned after the implementation of scheme.[3][4] The move was deemed primarily due to the influence of majority Buddhist population. However government ruled out the religious impact and insisted that the cattle slaughter ban is to encourage agriculture in the country.[5]
38°58′N 46°38′E﻿ / ﻿38.967°N 46.633°E﻿ / 38.967; 46.633
Shelter Island Conference on Quantum Mechanics in Valence Theory was held in 1951. It was also sponsored by the National Academy of Sciences. 
Ruska Bela (Bulgarian: Руска Бела) is a village in northwestern Bulgaria, part of Mezdra Municipality, Vratsa Province. 
Virginia Press Women (VPW) is an organization of professional communicators in Virginia that is open to women and men. Members work for newspapers, magazines, radio, television stations, schools, colleges, government, corporations, non-profit agencies, communications businesses, and a variety of organizations and associations.
"Goodnight, Seattle", by Christopher Lloyd and Joe Keenan, is the series finale of the American sitcom Frasier. It aired on NBC on May 13, 2004, in the 11th year of the series. In syndication, it is a two-part episode.[1]
Gregg Tafralis (Gregory Louis Tafralis; born April 9, 1958, in San Francisco, California) is an American former track and field athlete.
Gata de Noche (Night Cat) is the tenth album recorded by the Argentine rock band Vox Dei.
In this album, Ricardo Soulé returned to the band. It was Vox Dei's last album for the first era, until their break-up in 1981.
Equiveillance is a state of equilibrium, or a desire to attain a state of equilibrium, between surveillance and sousveillance.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7] It is sometimes confused with transparency.  The balance (equilibrium) provided by equiveillance allows individuals to construct their own cases from evidence they gather themselves,[8] rather than merely having access to surveillance data that could possibly incriminate them.
The Dent Blanche is a mountain in the Pennine Alps, lying in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. At 4,357 m (14,295 ft)-high, it is one of the highest peaks in the Alps.[3]
The National Security Governmental Council (Greek: Κυβερνητικό Συμβούλιο Εθνικής Ασφαλείας) (ex. Government Council for Foreign Affairs and Defence), usually known by its acronym KYSEA (ΚΥΣΕΑ), is the supreme decision-making body on issues of foreign policy and national defence of Greece. It was established in 1986 by initiative of Prime Minister Andreas Papandreou. Since its creation, its composition has changed many times. The president of the council is the prime minister.
Mellinghausen is a municipality in the district of Diepholz, in Lower Saxony, Germany.
Anisha may refer to
The 2008 MBC Drama Awards (Korean: MBC 연기대상) is a ceremony honoring the outstanding achievement in television on the Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) network for the year of 2008. It was held on December 30, 2008 and hosted by Shin Dong-yup and actress Han Ji-hye.[1][2][3]
The West Virginia Mountaineer is the official mascot of West Virginia University (WVU). Selected annually since the 1930s from the university’s student body, the mascot is a popular tradition at the school. The Mountaineer appears in a buckskin costume at West Virginia Mountaineers football games, men's and women's basketball matches, and other University-sponsored events.
Franklin School was a two-story brick and stucco building in the western United States, located in Boise, Idaho. Designed by Tourtellotte & Hummel and constructed in 1926, the school featured a flat roof with a decorated concrete parapet. Added to the National Register of Historic Places (NRHP) in 1982,[3] it was demolished in 2009.[4]
Darren McCartney was the Suffragan Bishop of The Arctic[1] from 2012 to 2019.[2]
The Catholic Church in Yemen is part of the worldwide Catholic Church, under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in Rome. There are three thousand Catholics and four parishes in the country, which forms part of the Vicariate Apostolic of Southern Arabia which also includes several other countries in the Arabian peninsula.[1] Most Catholics are temporary foreign workers living in the country with their families.[2]
33°53′55″N 35°30′28″E﻿ / ﻿33.89861°N 35.50778°E﻿ / 33.89861; 35.50778
The Ancient Tell is a Tell in downtown Beirut, Lebanon. In the 1990s, the effort to rebuild Beirut following the Lebanese Civil War provided archaeologists with the unique opportunity to investigate the Tell, revealing many layers of the city.
Athit Wisetsilp (Thai: อาทิตย์ วิเศษศิลป์, born September 26, 1993) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a central midfielder for Thai League 2 club Nakhon Si United.
56 Nights is the fifteenth mixtape by American DJ and record producer DJ Esco.[1] It was released on March 21, 2015, through rapper Future's Freebandz Entertainment label.[1] The mixtape additionally received contribution from Future lyrically, featuring no other artists and being designated as "hosted by" Future. It was exclusively produced by 808 Mafia, whose founding member, Southside, handled the majority of the production and was credited as an executive producer.[2]

This is a list of all the United States Supreme Court cases from volume 381 of the United States Reports:
The Cyprus military ranks are the military insignia used by the Cypriot National Guard. Due to its close ties to Greece, Cyprus shares a rank structure similar to that of Greece.[1]
The International Powered Access Federation (IPAF) is a not-for-profit member organization in the field of powered access, i.e. part of or associated with the industry of elevating work platforms, which is the general term, or aerial work platforms (AWPs), as they are commonly referred to in North America. The term 'powered access' in the federation's name points out its specialization in personal lifting devices which operate with the help of hydraulics and motors, unlike ladders, which are un-powered, and unlike lifting devices for goods, such as forklifts or cranes.
This is the 2007–08 season in review for the Professional Bowlers Association (PBA). It was the Tour's 49th season and consisted of 21 events.[1]
Mekane Selam Airport (IATA: MKS, ICAO: HAMA) is an airport serving Mekane Selam,[1] a town in the Debub Wollo (or "South Wollo") zone of the Amhara region in central Ethiopia. Its single runway is approximately 1,500 metres (4,921 ft) in length.[4]
Blackout lights are head and tail lamps that are equipped with special lenses that are designed to cast a diffused horizontal beam of light for the driver of the vehicle to navigate with, and drivers of other vehicles to spot the vehicle with. In the military, they are intended for use when driving a convoy at night when it is necessary for the vehicles to maintain concealment by limiting their ability to be seen by the enemy.    
RPX Corporation (Rational Patent EXchange) is an American provider of international risk management services for patents. The company was founded in March 2008,[2] and is based in San Francisco. It was incorporated on July 15, 2008.[1] By acquiring patents that pose potential problems and providing information on litigation, RPX seeks to reduce patent assertions directed at its clients.
Lehovo (Bulgarian: Лехово) is a village in the municipality of Sandanski, in Blagoevgrad Province, southwestern Bulgaria.[1]
A lookbook is a collection of photographs compiled to show off a model, photographer, style, stylist, or clothing line. Usually, bloggers or vloggers will "model" fashionable looks for that month or season. This gives viewers ideas on how to style outfits, or to show what the latest fashions are.[1] It is an especially popular term among "fashion bloggers".[2][3]
The 1953 Wakayama flood (Japanese: 紀州大水害 / 南紀豪雨[1]) was caused by heavy rain that resulted in landslides and flooding in the Kii Peninsula, Wakayama Prefecture in Japan in July 1953.[2][3] Collapse of the dikes occurred along many rivers, which caused flooding. It resulted in the deaths of 713 people and 411 people went missing.[4][5]

Frances Louise Willard (born December 12, 1940)[1] is an American magician.
Kasumi Nakane (仲根かすみ, Nakane Kasumi) (listen (help·info)) is a Japanese model, gravure idol, and actress born on 1982-04-03 in Higashiōsaka, Osaka and raised in Tokyo, Japan.[1][2] Her birth name was Kasumi Nakasone (仲宗根かすみ, Nakasone Kasumi), and she formerly worked under the name Kasumi Ue (植可澄美, Ue Kasumi). She graduated from the private Horikoshi High School, the same school attended by talent such as Yoko Minamino, Yōko Oginome, Ai Katō, and Masumi Miyazaki.[3]
The 39th Street Theatre was a playhouse in New York City located at the corner of 39th Street and Broadway. Originally called Nazimova's 39th Street Theatre after the actress Alla Nazimova, it was in operation from 1910 to 1925 when it was demolished to make way for an office building. Throughout its existence, it was owned by the Shubert family. Its architect was William Albert Swasey, who had designed or remodelled several other Broadway theatres for the family.[1]
Northwest River Natural Area Preserve is a 2,774-acre (11.23 km2) Natural Area Preserve located in the city of Chesapeake, Virginia.  Located along the Northwest River, the preserve protects upland forests as well as swamps and marshes along the river.[2]
Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. may refer to:
Albemarle High School is a public high school serving grades 9 through 12. It is a part of Albemarle County Public Schools and is located just outside Charlottesville, Virginia, United States. The principal is Darah Bonham, appointed in 2019.
Armstrong Creek is a town in Forest County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 409 at the 2010 census.[3] The unincorporated communities of Armstrong Creek and Bonneval are located with the town.
Frederick Perry Fish (13 January 1855 – 6 November 1930) was an American lawyer and executive who served as president of American Telephone & Telegraph Corporation from 1901 to 1907. One of the leading patent attorneys of his age, representing such clients as Alexander Graham Bell, Thomas Edison, and The Wright Brothers, by the time of his death he was believed to have appeared in more patent cases at the Supreme Court than any other lawyer. He was the founder of the law firm now known as Fish & Richardson.[1]
Comix 2000 was an international one-shot independent comic book published in 1999 by L'Association (France) and distributed in the United States by Fantagraphics Books.
Potassium ferrate is the chemical compound with the formula K2FeO4. This purple salt is paramagnetic, and is a rare example of an iron(VI) compound. In most of its compounds, iron has the oxidation state +2 or +3 (Fe2+ or Fe3+). Reflecting its high oxidation state, FeO2−4 is a powerful oxidizing agent.
A paperless office (or paper-free office) is a work environment in which the use of paper is eliminated or greatly reduced. This is done by converting documents and other papers into digital form, a process known as digitization. Proponents claim that "going paperless" can save money, boost productivity, save space, make documentation and information sharing easier, keep personal information more secure, and help the environment. The concept can be extended to communications outside the office as well.
The Sakasa Kebari or reverse-hackle fly, is an artificial fly most associated with the Japanese style of tenkara fishing but can be used in most freshwater fly fishing. The Sakasa Kebari is usually defined by firstly, its reverse hackle and secondly, by its simplicity[1] as compared to western style flies. This fly was originally created to be used in the small, high gradient streams in Japan while fishing for native trout and char.[2]
Yarımkaya (Kurdish: Hemzik) is a village in the Ovacık District, Tunceli Province, Turkey.[1] The village is populated by Kurds of the Kalan tribe and had a population of 53 in 2021.[2][3]

Eric Hugh Brereton, OBE (1889–1962)[1] was Dean of  Glasgow and Galloway from 1959 to 1962.[2]
The Do Ab prison is a prison in Panjshir, Afghanistan.[1]
The International Committee of the Red Cross reported 270 captives held in the prison were released on January 3, 2002.
They reported that some of the captives had been held in the prison for as long as six years.
The Heresy of Love is a 2012 play by the British playwright Helen Edmundson, based on the life of Juana Inés de la Cruz. It was premiered by the Royal Shakespeare Company in early 2012, with a cast including Ray Coulthard and directed by Nancy Meckler.[1][2] It was later produced at Shakespeare's Globe from July to September 2015. directed by John Dove.[3]
The FIS Snowboarding World Championships 2011 was an international snowboarding competition held from January 14 to 22, 2011, in La Molina and Barcelona (Catalonia, Spain) by the FIS Snowboarding World Championship,[1]
Gallic League (24 March 1985 – after 1997) was a British Thoroughbred racehorse and sire. He showed his best form in the autumn of his two-year-old season but continued to run well in major sprint races for the next two years. In 1987 he won two minor races and finished third in the Norfolk Stakes before returning from a three-month absence to win the Flying Childers Stakes and then recorded his biggest win in the Middle Park Stakes. As a three-year-old he won the Leisure Stakes and finished third in the Greenham Stakes. In 1989 he took the Ballyogan Stakes and was placed in both the Duke of York Stakes and the King's Stand Stakes. After his racing career he stood as a breeding stallion in Europe and South Africa.
Opera Noire of New York is a performing arts company, as well as a resource and network for African-American artists.[1] ONNY is an organization which has performed in multiple venues in the New York City metropolitan area. Opera Noire was founded by leading New York City Opera tenor Robert Mack, baritone Kenneth Overton and tenor Barron Coleman. The group consists of all African American opera singers.
The Beebe Theater was a historic performance space on Center Street in Beebe, Arkansas.  It was a two-story brick structure, with a decorative brick-faced marquee extending in front, and decorative brickwork squares and parapet above the second level.  A pair of entries flanked the ticket window in an entry that was recessed and raised a few steps above the sidewalk. Built about 1930, the building was a well-preserved example of vernacular commercial architecture found in smaller Arkansas cities.[2]

Sir Thomas Scawen (c. 1650 – 22 September 1730) was a British merchant, financier and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons between 1708 and 1722. He was Governor of the Bank of England from 1721 to 1723.
Drumul Taberei (Romanian: [ˈdru.mul ˈta.be.rej], The Camp Road) is a neighbourhood located in the south-west of Bucharest, Romania, roughly between Timișoara  Avenue (south of Plaza România and the Cotroceni Railway Station) and Ghencea Avenue, neighboring Militari to the north, Panduri to the east and Ghencea and Rahova to the south and south-east.
Brayan Fabricio Reyes Colón (born 27 September 1991) is a Honduran footballer who plays as a midfielder.[1]
Her Painted Hero is a short 1915 American film directed by F.Richard Jones and written by Mack Sennett.
Lessons for Women (Chinese: 女誡), also translated as Admonitions for Women, Women's Precepts, or Warnings for Women, is a work by the Han dynasty female intellectual Ban Zhao (45/49–117/120 CE). As one of the Four Books for Women, Lessons had wide circulation in the late Ming and Qing dynasties (i.e. 16th–early 20th centuries). Ban Zhao made the "Admonitions for Women" for her daughters.
Won by a Fish is a 1912 silent film comedy directed by Mack Sennett and starring Mary Pickford. It was produced by the Biograph Company and released as split-reel with The Brave Hunter[1] by General Film Company.[1]
F. Gregory Ashby is a Distinguished Professor Emeritus of Psychological & Brain Sciences at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). He is known for his work in mathematical psychology, cognitive psychology, and cognitive neuroscience.
Michel Girouard (August 22, 1944 – April 9, 2021) was a Quebec journalist.
Keith Allain (born September 26, 1958) is an American ice hockey coach. He is currently the head coach of the Yale Bulldogs men's ice hockey team.[1] He took over the program following Tim Taylor in 2006. In 2013, he led Yale to its first ever NCAA men's ice hockey National Championship.
IJf Blokker (born 2 September 1930) is a Dutch musician and television actor and presenter. After a professional career as a drummer, he became a well-known television actor in the 1970s playing the character Barend Servet in the Wim T. Schippers-directed shows on VPRO television.
Passamaquoddy Indian Township Reservation (Maliseet-Passamaquoddy: Motahkomikuk) is one of two Indian reservations of the federally recognized Passamaquoddy tribe in Washington County, Maine, United States. The population was 760 at the 2020 census.[1] Most of the 2,500 members of the tribe in the United States live in other parts of Maine. The reservation is located about 13 miles west-northwest of the city of Calais.
Jaguwala is a town and Union Council of Kasur District in the Punjab province of Pakistan.[1] It is part of Chunian Tehsil and is located at 30°58'0N 74°19'60E with an altitude of 180 metres (593 feet).[2]
St. Michael the Archangel Parish - designated for Polish immigrants in Derby, Connecticut, United States.
Riverview Hall is a historic building on the campus of St. Cloud State University in St. Cloud, Minnesota, United States.  It was built in 1913 for what was then a teacher training college, to serve as a laboratory school where student teachers gained practical experience instructing local children.[2]  The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988 as the Model School for its state-level significance in the theme of education.[3]  It was nominated for being Minnesota's oldest surviving teacher-training facility.[2]
Silke Wehrmeister (born 17 August 1966) is a German former field hockey player who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.[1]
Edward Digby Baltzell Jr. (November 14, 1915 –  August 17, 1996) was an American sociologist, academic and author.[1][2][3] He studied the White Anglo-Saxon Protestant establishment and is credited with popularizing the acronym WASP.[2] He was also a best-selling author whose books were popular with both scholars and the general public.[2]
Nitigius (? - 570-585 - ?) was a medieval Galician clergyman.
Joseph Anthony Schauers (May 27, 1909 – October 18, 1987) was an American rower who competed in the 1932 Summer Olympics.
Jacob Mordecai (April 11, 1762 – September 4, 1838) was an educational pioneer in Colonial America, having established the Warrenton Female Seminary, also known as Mordecai’s Female Academy.
Gardna [ˈɡardna] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowogard, within Goleniów County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1]
Sigrid Björkegren (1845–1936), was a Swedish shipowner.[1]
The World Group play-offs were four tied tennis matches which involved the losing nations of the World Group first round and the winning nations of the World Group II. Nations that won their play-off ties entered the 1996 World Group, while losing nations joined the 1996 World Group II.
Terry Fox Secondary School is a school with approximately 1550 students in Port Coquitlam, British Columbia, Canada. The original building was built in the 1950s under the name "Port Coquitlam Senior Secondary" for grades 11 and 12. In 1986,[2] it was renamed Terry Fox Senior Secondary School after 1976 graduate Terry Fox. The "Senior" was dropped from the name after a restructuring by Coquitlam School District 43, when junior high schools were replaced by middle schools.
Shao Renzhe (Chinese: 邵仁哲; born 13 April 1999) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a forward.
Mart Kivastik (born 4 March 1963 in Tartu) is an Estonian film director, screenwriter, playwright and novelist.[1]
Sodium germanate is an inorganic compound with the chemical formula Na2GeO3. It exists as a colorless solid. Sodium germanate is primarily used for the synthesis of other germanium compounds.
Sweden first competed at the Paralympic Games in 1960, at the 1960 Summer Paralympics.[1] Sweden first won a medal at the Paralympics in 1964, at the Summer Games in Tokyo, Japan.
The Colorado Freeride Festival is the largest freeride bike contest in the United States.[1] It is held annually at Trestle Bike Park in Winter Park, Colorado spanning four days throughout the month of July and includes over 800 international riders. Participating riders compete in events such as Downhill mountain biking, Cross-country cycling, and Freeride aka. slopestyle.[2][3] The Festival was suspended for 2018 due to a conflict with construction projects in the area.[4]
"Damsel in Distress" is a song by Rufus Wainwright. On February 27, 2020,[1] the song was released as the second single for his ninth studio album Unfollow the Rules, released by BMG in April 2020.
Syed Javed Ali Shah (Urdu: سید جاوید علی شاہ; born 6 January 1955) is a Pakistani politician who served as Minister for Water Resources, in Abbasi cabinet from August 2017 to May 2018. He had been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, between 1990 and May 2018 and had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from 1988 to 1990.
KLER (1300 AM) is a radio station in the western United States, broadcasting a country music format in Orofino, Idaho. The station is currently owned by Jeffery and Monica Jones, through licensee Central Idaho Broadcasting, Inc., and features programming from ABC Radio  and Jones Radio Network.[2]
Juan Sebastián Villate Lemos (born February 14, 1991) is a Colombian football goalkeeper.

Metropolitan Cornelius of Petra (né Emmanuel Rodousakis;[1] 6 March 1936 – 14 May 2023) was a Greek senior bishop of the Eastern Orthodox Patriarchate of Jerusalem.[2] He was Ypolochagós of the Church in 2001, following the death of Patriarch Diodoros I. He served as Ypolochagós (locum tenens in Latin) again from 30 May 2005, after the deposition of Irenaios I on 6 May, until the election of Theophilos III on 22 August.
Hondo (本渡市, Hondo-shi) was a city in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan. The city was founded on April 1, 1954.
In solid-state physics, the Hill limit is a critical distance defined in a lattice of actinide or rare-earth atoms.[1] These atoms own partially filled 

-orbital becomes negligible. A direct consequence is the absence of hopping for the f electrons, ie their localization on the ion sites of the lattice.
Richard Joseph Tonry (September 30, 1893 – January 17, 1971) was an American politician from New York.
Samy El-Shall (Mohamed Samy El-Shall) is an Egyptian-American physical chemist and a researcher in nanoscience, heterogeneous catalysis, molecular clusters and cluster ions, nucleation and ion mobility. He is the Mary Eugenia Kapp Endowed Chair in Chemistry and Commonwealth Professor at Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU).[1]
Doh (also spelled Do) is a village in eastern Ivory Coast. It is in the sub-prefecture of Guintéguéla,  Touba Department, Bafing Region, Woroba District.
Elder Glacier (72°35′S 168°46′E﻿ / ﻿72.583°S 168.767°E﻿ / -72.583; 168.767) is a tributary glacier entering the Tucker Glacier just west of Oread Spur, in the Victory Mountains of Victoria Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos, 1960–62, and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William C. Elder, a topographic engineer who was a member of the USGS Topo North–South party that surveyed the area, 1961–62.[1]
Sandra Julien (born Sandra Calaputti 14 February 1950 in Toulon, France[1]) is a French actress.  Her acting career only lasted a few years, but one of the films she is remembered for is Le Frisson des Vampires (The Shiver of the Vampires), a film by director Jean Rollin.[2]
Ann Cindrić [tsindrich] (September 5, 1922 – December 18, 2010) was a pitcher who played from 1948 through 1950 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5' 6", 135 lb., Cindrić batted and threw right-handed. She was nicknamed ″Cindy″ by her teammates.[1]
Günter Graulich (born 2 July 1926)[1] is a German church musician and music publisher.
The Courcelles massacre (French: Tuerie de Courcelles), sometimes known as the Rognac massacre (Tuerie du Rognac), involved the killing of 27 civilians in a number of separate instances by a collaborationist militia associated with the Rexist Party in German-occupied Belgium during World War II. The killings occurred on 17–18 August 1944 near Courcelles, a suburb of the industrial city of Charleroi in Hainaut Province, shortly before the Liberation of Belgium in revenge for the killing of a Rexist official by the Belgian Resistance.

Hunger marketing is a marketing strategy specially focusing on the emotions of human beings. Hunger marketing is a psychological strategy that focuses on the desire of consumers, making them hungry thus having strong desire to buy products which other people also want to buy.[1] By stimulating psychology, it drives people into emotional rather than rational decision making by means of driving up the scarcity of the product. This marketing strategy boosts people’s interest, and through word-of-mouth helps businesses have more potential customers. Research suggests that the scarcity of product attracts consumer attention, increases the perceived value of the product, and encourages creative usage of the product.[2]
The twenty-fourth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons began airing on Fox on September 30, 2012, and concluded on May 19, 2013.[1][2]
Doug Wrenn (born January 21, 1980)[1] is an American basketball player[2] who played forward for the University of Connecticut and the University of Washington.[1]  He was named Washington High School Player of the Year in 1998.[3]
Kipping is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
A collop is a slice of meat, according to one definition in the Oxford English Dictionary. In Elizabethan times, "collops" came to refer specifically to slices of bacon.  Shrove Monday, also known as Collop Monday, was traditionally the last day to cook and eat meat before Ash Wednesday, which was a non-meat day in the pre-Lenten season also known as Shrovetide. A traditional breakfast dish was collops of bacon topped with a fried egg.[1]
Antonio Ciliberti (31 January 1935 – 1 April 2017) was a Roman Catholic archbishop.
The Zarubintsy or Zarubinets culture was a culture that, from the 3rd century BC until the 1st century AD, flourished in the area north of the Black Sea along the upper and middle Dnieper and Pripyat Rivers, stretching west towards the Southern Bug river. Zarubintsy sites were particularly dense between the Rivers Desna and Ros as well as along the Pripyat river. It was identified around 1899 by the Czech-Ukrainian archaeologist Vikentiy Khvoyka and is now attested by about 500 sites. The culture was named after finds of cremated remains in the village of Zarubyntsi on the Dnieper.
Adore Me is a direct-to-consumer women's intimate apparel brand based in New York City.[1] The company was started by Morgan Hermand-Waiche in 2010 while he was an MBA student at Harvard Business School[2] and is a Certified B Corporation.[3]
Evelyn Ashenbrucker (born 6 August 1990) is an American rugby union player. She plays at Lock for the United States internationally and for the San Diego Surfers in the WPL.
Killbilly was a Dallas, Texas-based band active from 1987 to 1994, which described its music as being a mixture of bluegrass and punk.[1] Critics have variously described the band's style as a "fusion of bluegrass and shred metal",[2] and as "a genuine bluegrass band playing straight, fast and loud."[1] The Dallas Observer's Robert Wilonsky described the band as "irreplaceable" and their breakup in 1994 as the "end of an era".[3]
Beverly Holden was an All-American Girls Professional Baseball League player.[1]
NlaIII is a type II restriction enzyme isolated from Neisseria lactamica.[1] As part of the restriction modification system, NlaIII is able to prevent foreign DNA from integrating into the host genome by cutting double stranded DNA into fragments at specific sequences.[2] This results in further degradation of the fragmented foreign DNA and prevents it from infecting the host genome.[3]Liquideep was a soul and House duo formed in Johannesburg, South Africa in 2007. The group was formed by Ziyon (artist/songwriter/producer) and Ryzor (DJ/producer). 
Toward a Feminist Theory of the State is a 1989 book about feminist political theory by the legal scholar Catharine MacKinnon.
Nowa Karczma [ˈnɔva ˈkart͡ʂma] (German: Neukrug)[1] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górowo Iławeckie, within Bartoszyce County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.[2]
Bouthaina al-Rimi is a Yemeni baby girl whose home in the Attan neighbourhood of Sanaa, the capital of Yemen, was bombed and destroyed on 25 August 2017 by a Saudi-led coalition air strike. The blast killed her parents and six siblings. Following her rescue, a photographer shared a picture of Bouthaina trying to open one of her swollen and bruised eyes. The picture has become an emblem for the toll the war in the Middle Eastern country is taking on its population. Since 2015. This picture is often associated with pictures of Omran Daqneesh and Alan Kurdi.
Nicholas II of Niemodlin (Polish: Mikołaj II Niemodliński; c. 1462 – 27 June 1497), was a Duke of Opole-Brzeg-Strzelce-Niemodlin in 1476 (as co-ruler of his father) and sole Duke of Niemodlin from 1476 until his death.
The Duane Doty School is a school building located at 10225 3rd Street in Detroit, Michigan. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2011.[1] It is the oldest Arts and Crafts-style school building in Detroit, and likely one of the oldest Arts and Crafts-style schools in Michigan.[2]
Harold Edgeworth Butler (8 May 1878 – 5 June 1951) was a British classicist. He was Professor of Latin at University College, London in succession to A. E. Housman from 1911 until his retirement.[1]
Gun Pakdeevijit (Thai: กัญจน์ ภักดีวิจิตร; born: December 24, 1976 in Bangkok; nickname: Golf) is Thai TV actor, TV series director & producer, singer.
Wychodne [vɨˈxɔdnɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Suwałki, within Suwałki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Suwałki and 108 km (67 mi) north of the regional capital Białystok.
Zenas is an unincorporated community in Columbia Township, Jennings County, Indiana.
Kozhinskaya (Russian: Кожинская) is a rural locality (a village) in Moseyevskoye Rural Settlement, Totemsky  District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.[2]
The Alaska Court System is the unified, centrally administered, and totally state-funded judicial system for the state of Alaska. The Alaska District Courts are the primary misdemeanor trial courts, the Alaska Superior Courts are the primary felony trial courts, and the Alaska Supreme Court and the Alaska Court of Appeals are the primary appellate courts. The chief justice of the Alaska Supreme Court is the administrative head of the Alaska Court System.
Sir Horace Perkins Hamilton, GCB (20 November 1880 – 15 September 1971) was a British civil servant, who served successively as Chairman of the Board of Customs and Excise from 1919 to 1927, Permanent Under-Secretary of State to the Board of Trade from 1927 to 1937, and then Permanent Under-Secretary of State for Scotland from 1937 to 1946. He was the United Kingdom's representative on the Commonwealth Economic Committee from then until 1961 and he served as the committee's from 1947 to 1949. He was appointed a Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Bath in the 1942 Birthday Honours,[1] having been knighted at the lower grade of that order 21 years previously.[2][3][4]

Frederick Mason Brewer CBE FRIC (1903 – 11 February 1963) was an English chemist. He was Head of the Inorganic Chemistry Laboratory at the University of Oxford and Mayor of Oxford during 1959–60.[1]
The Grumman F9F Panther is one of the United States Navy's first successful carrier-based jet fighters, as well as Grumman’s first jet fighter. A single-engined, straight-winged day fighter, it was armed with four 20 mm (0.79 in) cannons and could carry a wide assortment of air-to-ground munitions.

The Fire Equipment Manufacturers' Association (FEMA) is a trade body for fire protection providers, based in Cleveland, Ohio.[1]
Paul Arthur Trivelli (born 1953) is a United States diplomat and career foreign service officer. As of 2008, he is serving as the foreign policy advisor to Admiral James G. Stavridis, Commander of United States Southern Command.[1] Prior to his current posting, he was the United States Ambassador to Nicaragua 2005–08.
Yamanakako (山中湖村, Yamanakako-mura) is a village located in Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan. As of 30 April 2019[update], the village had an estimated population of 5,826 in 2401 households,[1] and a population density of 110 inhabitants per square kilometre (280/sq mi). The total area of the village is 52.81 km2 (20.39 sq mi).
Palo Alto Medical Clinic, also known as the Roth Building (structure built in 1932) was a former medical clinic. The building is located at 300 Homer street, at the corner of Bryant street in Palo Alto, California.[2] It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places listings in Santa Clara County, California since 2010.[3] The building is a good example of Spanish Colonial Revival architecture, and has historical relevance for the Palo Alto community, art history, and medical history.[2]
Sylvain Lacombe is a Canadian racing driver. He competes in the Quebec's ACT Series.
The 1982 Scott Tournament of Hearts, the Canadian women's curling championship, was held February 27 to March 6, 1982 in Regina, Saskatchewan. It was the first time the championship would go by the Scott name. The total attendance for the event was 12,896.[1]
Chester Weinberg (1930-1985) was an American fashion designer. While he was very highly regarded for his design work in the 1960s and early 1970s, he is now mainly known for being the fashion industry's first high-profile AIDS-related death.

Joanna Osborne Masingila (born 1960)[1] is an American mathematics educator. She served as the dean of the School of Education at Syracuse University from 2015 to 2021,[2] Laura J. and L. Douglas Meredith Professor for Teaching Excellence, and a professor of mathematics and mathematics education at Syracuse.[3]
Hennepin Avenue United Methodist Church is a church across the Virginia Triangle (Hennepin Avenue/Lyndale Avenue) from the Walker Art Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Its address is 511 Groveland Avenue.
S/Y Argo is a two-masted Marconi rigged schooner. She is owned and operated by Seamester Study Abroad Programs as one of three sail training vessels the company operates. Argo is certified and inspected by the British Maritime and Coastguard Agency as a Category “0” vessel, allowing her unrestricted operation in the world's oceans. She is registered in Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.[1]
Dąbrówka Dolna [dɔmˈbrufka ˈdɔlna] (German: Eichendorf)is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pokój, Namysłów County, Opole Voivodeship, Poland.[1]
Aröd och Timmervik is a bimunicipal locality situated in Stenungsund Municipality and Kungälv Municipality in Västra Götaland County, Sweden. It had 637 inhabitants in 2010.[1]
Brenda Louise Gallie CM OOnt is a Canadian ophthalmologist.  She is the Head of the Retinoblastoma Program in the Hospital for Sick Children (Toronto) Department of Ophthalmology and Vision Sciences. 
"Halloween" is the fifth single by the American punk rock band Misfits. It was released on October 31, 1981 on singer Glenn Danzig's label Plan 9 Records. 5,000 copies of the single were pressed on black 7-inch vinyl, some of which included a lyrics sheet.[2][3] This was the first Misfits release to use their Famous Monsters of Filmland-inspired logo, as well as the first to refer to the band as simply "Misfits".
Plaucheville is a village in Avoyelles Parish, Louisiana, United States. The population was 248 at the 2010 census.[2]
Her Blue Sky (Japanese: 空の青さを知る人よ, Hepburn: Sora no Aosa o Shiru Hito yo, lit. "To Those Who Know of the Blueness of the Sky") is a 2019 Japanese animated film produced by CloverWorks. The film is directed by Tatsuyuki Nagai and written by Mari Okada, with Masayoshi Tanaka designing the characters and serving as chief animation director. The trio under the creative team Super Peace Busters previously worked together on Anohana: The Flower We Saw That Day, The Anthem of the Heart, and Toradora!. It was released in Japan on October 11, 2019 in all Toho Cinemas.
Parliament TV is a terrestrial television network in Malta that broadcasts the proceedings of the Parliament of Malta. It was established in 2015 following the relocation of Parliament to the new parliament building in Valletta.[1]
 Fungus Rock, sometimes known as Mushroom Rock,[2] and among the Maltese as Il-Ġebla tal-Ġeneral (English: The General's Rock), is a small islet in the form of a 60-metre-high (200 ft) massive lump of limestone at the entrance to an almost circular black lagoon in Dwejra, on the coast of Gozo, itself an island in the Maltese archipelago. It is located at 36°02′45″N 14°11′27″E﻿ / ﻿36.04583°N 14.19083°E﻿ / 36.04583; 14.19083 and falls within the jurisdiction of the town of San Lawrenz.
Kudrna (feminine: Kudrnová) is a Czech surname. It may refer to:
Arnold Grimme (28 November 1868, Bückeburg – 1 November 1958, Kassel) was a German veterinarian and naturalist, known for his botanical investigations of northern Hesse. The standard author abbreviation A.T.Grimme is used to indicate this person as the author when citing a botanical name.[1]
Pennsylvania State Senate District 10 includes parts of Bucks County. It is currently represented by Democrat Steve Santarsiero.
The Webb S. Knight House, at 514 7th St. in Spearfish, South Dakota, is a "a very simple version of Queen Anne" style house built in 1892.[2]  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1989.[1]
Tom King Bayou Bridge is the locally used name for the East Bay Boulevard bridge crossing at Tom King Bayou.[1][2][3][4] The bayou is crossed by East Bay Boulevard near the entrance of the bayou.[1]
Oliver E. (“Chick”) Story (August 7, 1885 – October 17, 1961) was a composer, publisher, and performer active in Boston from 1910 to 1925.
Gabon is a country in west central Africa sharing borders with the Gulf of Guinea to the west, Equatorial Guinea to the northwest, and Cameroon to the north, with the Republic of the Congo curving around the east and south. Its size is almost 270,000 km² with an estimated population of	1,500,000. The capital and largest city is Libreville.[1]
The North Pole Road Covered Bridge is a covered bridge in rural Brown County in the U.S. state of Ohio.  The 169-foot-long bridge crosses Eagle Creek approximately four miles east of the town of Ripley.  Originally built in 1865, it was damaged and rebuilt after a flood in 1997.[1]
Uncial 0103 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering), ε 43 (Soden), is a Greek uncial manuscript of the New Testament. It is dated paleographically to the 7th-century.[1]
The 2003 Czech Indoor Open Open was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts in Průhonice, Czech Republic, and was part of the 2003 ATP Challenger Series.
Indiana University Southeast (locally known as IU Southeast or IUS) is a public university in New Albany, Indiana.  It is a regional campus of Indiana University.
Take One is a live album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Susanne Sundfør, released on 10 March 2008 through Your Favorite Music.[1] The album consists of new, acoustic recordings of the tracks from Sundfør's self-titled debut album, with only "Morocco" being taken out and replaced with an interlude.[2] The release of the album comes upon the request of many who have wanted to hear the songs as they were originally composed and performed at the beginning of Sundfør's career.[3][1] Unlike the debut album in which she was supported by her band, Sundfør is the only musician on the album, which consists solely of her voice and piano or guitar.[1][3]
The 2008 Jerez Superleague Formula round was the sixth and final round of the inaugural Superleague Formula championship, with the races taking place on November 23, 2008. Eighteen football teams were represented on the grid, the same number of teams as there was at the previous four rounds. There were two driver changes before this round of the championship: James Walker replaced Enrico Toccacelo in the Borussia Dortmund car and Bertrand Baguette returned to the Al Ain cockpit replacing Dominick Muermans. Paul Meijer had been expected to return, however his injury from the previous round at Vallelunga kept him out.[1] The meeting saw a second win for A.C. Milan and a first win for Borussia Dortmund. With a ninth in the first race coupled with other low placings for Liverpool F.C. and PSV Eindhoven, Beijing Guoan clinched the first Superleague Formula title. With a third in the final race, Beijing won the title with 413 points, some 66 points clear of PSV, and two points further back were Milan.
Ahwahnee is a census-designated place[6] in Madera County, California, United States.[2] It is located 5.25 miles (8.4 km) west of Yosemite Forks,[7] at an elevation of 2,326 feet (709 m).[2] The population was 2,296 at the 2020 census.[3]
Alvito (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐlˈvitu] (listen)) is a town and a municipality in Beja District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 2,504,[1] in an area of 264.85 km2.[2]
Discoverer 32, also known as Corona 9025, was an American optical reconnaissance satellite which was launched in 1961. It was a KH-3 Corona''' satellite, based on an Agena-B.[1]
Mina "Margery" Crandon (1888–November 1, 1941) was a psychical medium who claimed that she channeled her dead brother, Walter Stinson. Investigators who studied Crandon concluded that she had no such paranormal ability, and others detected her in outright deception.[1][2] She became known as her alleged paranormal skills were touted by Sherlock Holmes author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and were disproved by magician Harry Houdini. Crandon was investigated by members of the American Society for Psychical Research and employees of the Scientific American.
Melanie Leishman (born February 20, 1989)[1][2] is a Canadian actress. She is best known for portraying bespectacled Hannah B. Williams, one of the main characters on the cult[3][4] horror/comedy television series Todd and the Book of Pure Evil. Before that she had a recurring role on Darcy's Wild Life as Kathi Giraldi and raucous comedy series House Party (2008) as desperate to be popular Mandy. Other TV credits include Being Erica, Republic of Doyle and Murdoch Mysteries. She's also voiced several animated roles in series such as Detentionaire and Grojband.
Film roles include musical/slasher Stage Fright (2014) as Liz Silver, comedy-drama The Exchange (2021) as Diane and Christmas romantic-comedy Single All the Way (2021) as Ashleigh.
Kadyrbek Telmanovich Sarbayev (Kyrgyz: Кадырбек Тельманович Сарбаев) is a Kyrgyz diplomat who is a former Minister of Foreign Affairs of Kyrgyzstan serving in the position from January 25 2009, 2 April 15, 2010. Has the diplomatic rank of Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary.[1]
Marshall Dill (born August 9, 1952) is an American former sprinter. He is a native of Detroit and a 1971 graduate of Northern High School; Dill was one of the most successful interscholastic track and field athletes in the United States.
The Ekman family played an important role in the Industrialization of Sweden during the 18th and the 19th century. Its family members owned iron mines and mills, paper mills, sugar mills, railroads, channels, manufacturing companies, and banks. The hub of the business activities was Ekman & Co.
Merisa, merissa or marissa (Arabic: مريسة) is a traditional fermented beverage popular in South Sudan.

John Forbes of Corse (2 May 1593 – 29 April 1648) was a Scottish minister and theologian, one of the Aberdeen doctors, noted for his eirenic approach in church polity and opposition to the National Covenant.
Greece was represented by 6 athletes at the 1986 European Athletics Championships held in Stuttgart, West Germany.
Crimilda Pontes (March 13, 1926 – January 25, 2000) was an American graphic designer and calligrapher. She designed many book covers and dust jackets, and was responsible for the Smithsonian Institution's "sunburst" logo.
Jeffrey Wammes (born 24 April 1987) is a former internationally competitive Dutch gymnast. Specializing in the floor exercise and vault, Wammes began competing on the elite level in 2005. Wammes trained alongside Yuri van Gelder at the Flik-Flak club in 's-Hertogenbosch.
The 1905 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team represented the Georgia Institute of Technology during the 1905 Southern Intercollegiate Athletic Association football season. This is the second year for Georgia Tech under coach John Heisman.
Bolshepanyushevo (Russian: Большепанюшево) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Bolshepanyushevsky Selsoviet, Aleysky District, Altai Krai, Russia. The population was 507 as of 2013.[2] There are 9 streets.
Peñón of Algiers (Spanish: Peñón de Argel, Arabic: حصن الصخرة, romanized: ḥiṣn aṣ-ṣaḵra) was a small islet off the coast of Algiers, fortified by the Kingdom of Spain during the 16th century. The islet was connected to the African continent to form a seawall and the harbour of Algiers.
Manuel Sulaimán (born 20 July 2000, in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican racing driver.[1] who most recently raced in the 2022 Indy Lights for HMD Motorsports.
In the field of fluid dynamics, a convection cell is the phenomenon that occurs when density differences exist within a body of liquid or gas. These density differences result in rising and/or falling currents, which are the key characteristics of a convection cell. When a volume of fluid is heated, it expands and becomes less dense and thus more buoyant than the surrounding fluid. The colder, denser part of the fluid descends to settle below the warmer, less-dense fluid, and this causes the warmer fluid to rise. Such movement is called convection, and the moving body of liquid is referred to as a convection cell. This particular type of convection, where a horizontal layer of fluid is heated from below, is known as Rayleigh–Bénard convection. Convection usually requires a gravitational field, but in microgravity experiments, thermal convection has been observed without gravitational effects.[1]
Theera Wongsamut (Thai: ธีระ วงศ์สมุทร; born 15 December 1948) is former minister of Agriculture and Cooperatives of Thailand. He is also leader of the Chartthaipattana Party until 2018.[1]
Central[1] (formerly known as 4th & Cedar until November 2011)[2] is a light rail station along the Green Line in Saint Paul, Minnesota. It is unique among Central Corridor stations in that it is not located in the middle of or directly adjacent to a road, but rather at a 45° angle to surrounding streets like the U.S. Bank Stadium station shared with the Blue Line in Minneapolis. It is located on the block bounded by 5th Street, Minnesota Street, 4th Street, and Cedar Street.
The Concentration of Light Prior to Combustion the debut split album of PGR/Thessalonians, released in 1986 by Banned Production.[1]
Qeshlaq-e Ayan Ali Samad (Persian: قشلاق اينالي صمد, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ayan Alī Şamad) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Jonubi Rural District, Qeshlaq Dasht District, Bileh Savar County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 55, in 12 families.[1]
Hog calling, or pig calling, is the art of making a call to encourage pigs to approach the caller. Competitions in hog calling are held.[1]
Momax is a small town located in the state of Zacatecas, Mexico. It is the administrative seat of the municipality of Momax.
Mohit Daga (born 15 August 1982) is an Indian television actor.[1] He is best known for his roles in Bhaskar Bharti, Aise Karo Naa Vidaa, Bairi Piya, Ek Mutthi Aasmaan[2] and Tera Yaar Hoon Main.[3]
Cheryl Lynn McAfee, FAIA, NOMA (born c. 1958), is an American architect.[1] She is the CEO of McAfee3, an architecture firm founded by her father Charles F. McAfee.[2][3][4] In 1990, she was the first women to receive an architecture license in the state of Kansas.[5] McAfee was named one of the "Top Women Architects" by Ebony magazine in 1995.[1] McAfee led the design and construction of sports venues of the 1996 Olympics in Atlanta.[6] She is also known as Cheryl Lynn McAfee-Mitchell.[7]
The Hong Kong International Comedy Festival (traditional Chinese: 香港國際喜劇節; simplified Chinese: 香港国际喜剧节) is an annual comedy festival in Hong Kong. It was founded in 2007 by the stand-up comedian Jami Gong.
Zsolt Páling (born 16 February 1969) is a retired Hungarian football midfielder. He was a squad member for the 1985 FIFA World Youth Championship and was capped for Hungary.[1][2]
Matalobos del Páramo is a hamlet located in the municipality of Bustillo del Páramo, in León province, Castile and León, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 184.[2]
Oscar Méténier (17 January 1859 – 9 February 1913) was a French playwright and novelist. In 1897 he founded Le Théâtre du Grand-Guignol in Paris, planning it as a space for naturalist performance.
Paria (possibly from Quechua for reddish, copper or sparrow,[2][3][4]) is a 5,190-metre-high (17,028 ft) mountain in the northern part of the Huayhuash mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ancash Region, Bolognesi Province, Pacllón District, and in the Huánuco Region, Lauricocha Province, Queropalca District. Paria lies northwest of Mitococha and south of Gasha.
Jan Petter Olsen (born 19 February 1965) is a retired Norwegian football striker.
Ashraf Ahmad Al-Hajuj (also spelled Ashraf Jumaa El Hagoug)[1] (Bulgarian: Ашраф Ахмад ал-Хаджудж) (born 25 October 1969 in Alexandria, Egypt)[2][failed verification] is a Palestinian-Bulgarian medic who was the principal defendant in the HIV trial in Libya. Born in 1969, in 1972 he and his parents moved from Egypt to Libya, where his father was working as a senior teacher of mathematics. Al-Hajuj grew up and studied in Libya. He was in the last month of his internship when he was arrested and accused of infecting more than 400 children with HIV. The co-accused were five Bulgarian nurses (Kristiana Valcheva, Nasya Nenova, Valya Chervenyashka, Valentina Siropulo and Snezhana Dimitrova).[citation needed]
The Seinäjoki railway station (Finnish: Seinäjoen rautatieasema) is located in the centre of city of Seinäjoki, Finland, at Valtionkatu 1. The current station building was built in the 1970s, and it is located in the same building as the bus station. In the 2000s, the building was renovated as a modern travel centre.
The Denver North Star is a monthly newspaper and website that has been published in the Northwest Denver, Colorado, area starting in October 2019. The North Star has a hyperlocal focus on issues like parks and recreation, elections, education, dining, zoning, and development.
Breakable You is a 2017 American comedy-drama film written and directed by Andrew Wagner and starring Holly Hunter, Tony Shalhoub and Alfred Molina.[1][2][3][4] It is based on Brian Morton's 2006 novel of the same name.[5] It premiered at the Palm Springs International Film Festival and was released digitally on March 13, 2018.[6]

The People of the Year Awards was an annual award show in Ireland. Organised by the Rehab Group, it was televised by Raidió Teilifís Éireann (RTÉ).[1]

Gordon McDougall is a British theatre director and academic.
As described in the 9th century Zoroastrian text Dadestan-i Denig ("Religious Decisions"),[1] hamistagan or hamēstagān is a neutral place or state for the departed souls of those whose good deeds and bad deeds were equal in life. Here these souls await Judgment Day. Meanwhile, those who did mostly good experience bliss and those who did mostly evil suffer torment. Religious Decisions was written in Persia (modern day Iran) when Islam was replacing Zoroastrianism as the majority religion.
Saliba Island is a large island in Milne Bay Province, Papua New Guinea.
Nelson Muguku Njoroge was a Kenyan entrepreneur, investor and one of the country's wealthiest persons.
The Renegade (Spanish: La renegada) is a 1951 Cuban drama film directed by Ramón Peón and starring Rita Montaner. It is a melodrama, influenced by the success of similar Mexican films of the era.[1]
Świętochowo (Polish: [ɕfjɛntɔˈxɔvɔ]; German: Sonnenstuhl)[1] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Braniewo, within Braniewo County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland, close to the border with the Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia.[2] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of Braniewo and 77 km (48 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
The 2001–02 Irish Cup was the 122nd edition of the Irish Cup, Northern Ireland's premier football knock-out cup competition. It concluded on 11 May 2002 with the final.
Martin Schaffner (1478–1548) was a German painter and medallist.
Ferdynandów [fɛrdɨˈnanduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żytno, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) north-east of Żytno, 24 km (15 mi) south-east of Radomsko, and 94 km (58 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.[1]
"While having a formidable technique, she is not a virtuoso phenomenon, but something different that has to do intimately with music."
[1]
Robert K. Haas (May 25, 1906 – September 1979) was an American football player. He played college football at Worcester State and professional football in the National Football League (NFL) as a back for the Dayton Triangles. He appeared in five NFL games, three as a starter, during the 1929 season.[1]
Derviş Kemal Deniz (born October 2, 1954) is the former Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus Minister of Economy and Tourism.[1] He was appointed to these portfolios on April 28, 2005, in the 19th cabinet of TRNC under the prime minister Mehmet Ali Talat.[2]
Niels Sigfred Nebelong (14 October 1806 – 9 October 1871) was a Danish architect who worked in the Historicist style. He was city architect in Copenhagen from 1863 and also designed many lighthouses around Denmark in his capacity as resident architect for the Danish lighthouse authority.[1]
103rd Street (Rosemoor) is a commuter rail station along Metra Electric's main line in the Rosemoor neighborhood of Chicago.[2] It is located at 103rd Street and Cottage Grove Avenue, and is 13.1 miles (21.1 km) away from the northern terminus at Millennium Station.[3] In Metra's zone-based fare system, 103rd Street (Rosemoor) is in zone C. As of 2018[update], the station is the 217th busiest of Metra's 236 non-downtown stations, with an average of 36 weekday boardings.[1]
Cis is a comune (municipality) in Trentino in the northern Italian region Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of Trento. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 311 and an area of 5.5 square kilometres (2.1 sq mi).[3]
Jeanne I. Thompson is a Bahamian attorney who was a Justice of the Supreme Court from 2002 until 2007.[1][2] Prior to her legal career, Thompson had a career as a playwright and a journalist.
Eva Steiner Moseley (born 1931), is an American curator and archivist. She has served as the curator of the Schlesinger Library on the History of Women at Radcliffe College in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Moseley has written on women in archives and has been involved in many institutions and organizations in at least administration level. Moseley has been involved with the Society of American Archivists as Council Member (1984–1987), served on multiple committees, and a frequent contributor and editor of the American Archivist (1982).[1][2]
Chiniak (Cing’iyak in Alutiiq) is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kodiak Island Borough, Alaska, United States. The population was 47 at the 2010 census,[4] down from 50 in 2000.
The 1996 Ottawa Rough Riders finished 4th place in the East Division with a 3–15 record and failed to make the playoffs. This was the final season in Ottawa Rough Riders franchise history as they folded after the season ended. Jim Gilstrap was the coach through the second game of the regular season before being fired and replaced with John Payne for the remainder of the season.
Intramuscular fat (also known as intramuscular triglycerides,  intramuscular triacylglycerol, or intramyocellular triacylglycerol [IMTG]) is located inside skeletal muscle fibers. It is stored in lipid droplets that exist in close proximity to the mitochondria, where it serves as an energy store that can be used during exercise. In humans, excess accumulation of intramuscular fat has been associated with conditions such as insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes. The human immunodeficiency virus (HIV)-lipodystrophy syndrome is associated with over-accumulation of intramuscular fat, which may contribute to AIDS wasting syndrome.
Steve Paxton (born 1939 in Phoenix, Arizona) is an experimental dancer and choreographer. His early background was in gymnastics while his later training included three years with Merce Cunningham and a year with José Limón. As a founding member of the Judson Dance Theater,[1] he performed works by Yvonne Rainer and Trisha Brown. He was a founding member of the experimental group Grand Union and in 1972 named and began to develop the dance form known as Contact Improvisation,[2] a form of dance that utilizes the physical laws of friction, momentum, gravity, and inertia to explore the relationship between dancers.
The Sentimentalists, also known as the "Clark Sisters" (and also as the "Original" Clark Sisters; so-called to distinguish them from the current gospel music group of the same name), were an American close harmony singing group, consisting of sisters Mary Clark Branson, Peggy Clark Schwartz, Ann Clark Terry, and Jean Clark Frile. Hailing from Grand Forks, North Dakota, they were a mere 17 to 23 years of age when they signed with the Tommy Dorsey Band in 1944 to replace the popular Pied Pipers, after the Pipers had quit Dorsey's band to go out on their own.
Spanishburg is an unincorporated community in Mercer County, West Virginia, United States. Spanishburg is located on U.S. Route 19, 9 miles (14 km) north of Princeton. Spanishburg has a post office with ZIP code 25922. Spanishburg has a population of around 200. [2]
Unseeded Miloslav Mečíř won the singles title at the ABN World Tennis Tournament, after a 6–1, 6–2 win in the final against Jakob Hlasek, who was also unseeded.[1]
Rumeilah (Arabic: اَلرُّمَيْلَة, romanized: Ar Rumaylah; also spelled Rumaila) is a neighborhood of Doha, Qatar. It is divided into an eastern and western section.[1] Zone 11, the eastern section, hosts roughly half of Al Bidda Park while Zone 21 contains most of Hamad Medical Corporation's facilities. Hamad Medical City was constructed over a 227,000 square meter area in Rumeilah at a cost of $659 million.[2] Portions of Hamad Medical City form its own district to the west.[3]
The Riverbluff Cave is a paleontological site discovered in the United States, near Springfield, Missouri. The entrance is filled with stalactites, stalagmites and columns. The cave is about 830,000 years old (making it the oldest known fossil cave site in the US[1]) and 610 m long, featuring Pleistocene fossils, notably of the short-faced bear (Artcodus simus) the largest bear species on the Earth (around 5–6 feet tall at the shoulder and weighing in the area of 2,000 pounds).[2]
The Anglican Church of St Andrew, Northover, in Ilchester, Somerset, England, dates from the 14th and 15th centuries. Today it is part of the parish of Ilchester with Northover, one of the three parishes which constitute the Ilchester District Churches [1]. It is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade II* listed building,[1][2] and is a redundant church in the care of the Churches Conservation Trust.[3]  It was vested in the Trust on 1 July 1986.[4]
Left Hand Spring was a well-known watering stop on the old Chisholm Trail in present-day Blaine County, Oklahoma. The spring was named for Left Hand, an Arapaho chief. Jesse Chisholm died there in 1868 and is buried nearby. His grave is marked with a granite historical marker.[1][2][3][4]
The Annual Review of Microbiology is a peer-reviewed academic journal that publishes review articles about microbiology. It was first published in 1947 as the third journal title released by Annual Reviews. It covers significant developments in the field of microbiology, including the study of bacteria, archaea, viruses, and unicellular eukaryotes. As of 2020, it has had four editors, with Charles E. Clifton and L. Nicholas Ornston serving more than twenty years each.  The current editor is Susan Gottesman.
Pinegrove, an American rock band, have released five studio albums, five live albums, one compilation album, three extended plays (EPs), sixteen singles, and five music videos. 

Haripada Chattopadhyay (1897 – 11 November 1967) was an Indian politician, Member of Parliament, Lok Sabha and Bengali revolutionary.
Harold Verne Keith (April 8, 1903 – February 24, 1998) was a Newbery Medal-winning American writer.  Keith was born and raised in Oklahoma, where he also lived and died.[1] The state was his abiding passion and he used Oklahoma as the setting for most of his sixteen published books.
İslamköy is a village in Devrek District, Zonguldak Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 175 (2022).[2]
James Arthur Dean (February 25, 1925 – November 14, 2000), nicknamed "The Original", was an American Negro league pitcher in the 1940s.
The 2017 Coca-Cola Firecracker 250 was the 15th stock car race of the 2017 NASCAR Xfinity Series season and the 16th iteration of the event. The race was held on Saturday, June 30, 2017, Daytona Beach, Florida, at Daytona International Speedway, a 2.5 miles (4.08 km) permanent triangular-shaped superspeedway. Due to inclement weather, the remainder of the race was held on July 1. The race was extended from 100 laps to 104 laps, due to a NASCAR overtime finish. At race's end, William Byron, driving for JR Motorsports, scored his second win in a row after leading the race when the caution came out with two to go. It was Byron's second career win in the xfinity series. He would also become the youngest winner in Daytona history, being only 19-years old.[1] To fill out the podium, Elliott Sadler of JR Motorsports and Dakoda Armstrong of JGL Racing would finish second and third, respectively.
Gerald Mitchell Rush (born August 7, 1942) is a former American football defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 1965 NFL Draft. He played college football at Michigan State. He played his entire professional career with the Lions, retiring during training camp before the 1972 season.[1]
Sicard (died 839) was the Prince of Benevento from 832. He was the last prince of a united Benevento which covered most of the Mezzogiorno.  On his death, the principality descended into civil war which split it permanently (except for very briefly under Pandulf Ironhead from 977 to 981). He was the son and successor of the Spoletan Sico.
Yousef Ahmed Masrahi (Arabic:يوسف مسرحي) (born 31 December 1987, in Najran)[2] is a Saudi Arabian track and field athlete, who specialises in the 400 metres sprint. His personal best time for the event is 43.93 seconds, set in 2015, and is the Asian record.
John J. Carson was a 20th-century American politician who served in the Truman Administration as a commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) from 1949 to 1953.[1] A Republican who was nominated to one of the party's posts on the FTC, he nevertheless drew ire from his own party owing to his past association with a group of business cooperatives.[2]
Rafael Daniel (born December 12, 1983, in São Paulo) is a Brazilian racing driver. He has raced in such series as Stock Car Brasil and FIA GT1 World Championship. He won the Stock Car Brasil second tier in 2009, 2011 and 2012.

Jane Sloman (b. Ipswich, 15 December 1824, d. after 1850) was an English composer, pianist, and vocalist, who had an active concert career in the United States during the 1840s. She is best known for writing the songs "Roll on, Silver Moon", "Forget Thee", and the "Maiden's Farewell."[1][2] Her music was also published under the name Jane Sloman Torry.[3]


According to Akilattirattu Ammanai, the scripture of the Ayyavazhi religion, Ayya Vaikundar, the Incarnation of Lord Narayana in Kali Yukam, has five Seedar (disciples). They were in the previous Dwapara Yukam as Pandavas who were transmigrated as disciples of Vaikundar in this Yuga.
Tim Siekman (born 25 May 1990) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre back for Lommel SK in the Dutch Eredivisie. He formerly played for Topklasse side HHC Hardenberg.
The Huntsville Open was a professional golf tournament on the Nike Tour. The tournament was held annually from 1994 to 1998. It was played at Cherokee Ridge Country Club in Union Grove, Alabama, from 1994 to 1997.[1][2] It was played at Hampton Cove Golf Course (Highlands Course) in Huntsville, Alabama, in 1998.[3]
Shepman Run (also known as Shepmans Run) is a tributary of Little Muncy Creek in Lycoming County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 2.6 miles (4.2 km) long and flows through Moreland Township.[1] The watershed of the stream has an area of 1.59 square miles (4.1 km2). A covered bridge crosses the stream. Shepman Run is classified as a Coldwater Fishery and a Migratory Fishery.
Gainesville is a city in and the county seat of Cooke County, Texas, United States.[6] Its population was 16,002 at the 2010 census.[7] It is part of the Texoma region and is an important Agri-business center.
Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas, S.A. (Spanish pronunciation: [foˈmento ðe konstɾuɣˈθjones i konˈtɾatas]), or FCC, is a Spanish construction company based in Barcelona. Until November 2014, over 50 percent of the shares were owned by a company controlled by the daughter of its founder, Esther Koplowitz and others, when George Soros bought around 25 percent of her rights to acquire shares.
These Are the Days is the sixth studio album by the American rock band Lit.[4] It was released on December 15, 2017. In a musical departure from their previous records, this album showcases the band blending their traditional alternative rock sound with country rock.[1][5] It is their only album that does not feature an official drummer and is their last album with guitarist Ryan Gillmor as he departed the band following the recording sessions.
Gutsbezirk Spessart is a rugged unincorporated area in the Main-Kinzig-Kreis in southeast Hesse, Germany. It represents a separate district (name: Spessart, Gmk. No. 61032)[1]
Frances Joan Harvey Moore, OBE (known as Joan Moore; 1920 – 28 February 1986) was a British plant pathologist, science administrator and conservationist.[1][2]
Deborah Griscom Passmore  (1840–1911) was a botanical illustrator for the U.S. Department of Agriculture who specialized in paintings of fruit. Her work is now preserved in the USDA's Pomological Watercolor Collection, and she has been called the best of the early USDA artists.[1] She rose to lead the USDA staff artists, and she became the most prolific of the group, contributing one-fifth of the 7500 paintings in the Pomological Watercolor Collection.
Austin L. Theriault (born January 23, 1994) is an American professional stock car racing driver and politician, who currently works in driver development. He last competed part-time in the NASCAR Cup Series, driving the No. 52 for Rick Ware Racing, and part-time in the NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series, driving the No. 92 Ford F-150 for RBR Enterprises. He won the ARCA Racing Series championship in 2017, driving for Ken Schrader Racing. He is the Representative of the 1st district of the Maine House of Representatives.[1]
Toomas Raadik (born 15 August 1990) is an Estonian professional basketball player for Bærum Basket of the Norwegian BLNO. He is a 2.02 m (6 ft 8 in) tall small forward and power forward. He also represents the Estonian national basketball team internationally.[1]
The 1982 CART PPG Indy Car World Series season, the fourth in the CART era of U.S. open-wheel racing, consisted of 11 races,  beginning in Avondale, Arizona on March 28 and concluding at the same location on November 6.  The PPG Indy Car World Series Drivers' Champion was Rick Mears.  Rookie of the Year was Bobby Rahal.
Lake Kuyucuk (Turkish: Kuyucuk Gölü) is a small shallow lake located in Arpaçay district of Kars Province in the Eastern Anatolia Region of Turkey. It has an area of 245 ha (2.45 km2) and a maximum depth at 13 m (43 ft). The lake area is an internationally recognized Ramsar site, important for its ornithofauna, and a tourist wildlife reserve.[2][3][4]
Yuriy Serhiyovych Kozyrenko (Ukrainian: Юрій Сергійович Козиренко; born 27 November 1999) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a striker for Inhulets Petrove.[1]
Boyd Lee Dunlop (June 20, 1926 – December 27, 2013) was an American jazz pianist.[1]
Big River Man is a 2009 documentary film directed by John Maringouin. It follows the Slovenian long-distance swimmer Martin Strel as he swims the entire 3,300 mile length of the Amazon River, between February and April 2007.
Hualin Temple, also known as the Temple of the Five Hundred Genii[1][2] or Gods,[3] is a Buddhist temple in Guangzhou, China.
The NETmundial Initiative (NMI) was a controversial effort to create a new platform for internet governance issues. The NMI was named after an internet governance conference held by the Brazilian government and DNS overseer ICANN in May 2014; it was intended to help turn the conference's final principles into action.[1]
Grigory Aleksandrovich Antipenko (Russian: Григорий Александрович Антипенко;  born October 10, 1974, Moscow, RSFSR, USSR) is a  Russian film and theater actor.[1][2]
van der Haar or Vander Haar is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Algirdas Saudargas (born April 17, 1948) is a Lithuanian politician and the signatory of the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania. He was the first foreign minister of post-Soviet Lithuania. He was foreign minister from March 24, 1990, to December 12, 1992, and again from December 4, 1996, to October 30, 2000. In 1992, Algirdas Saudargas, together with 9 other Baltic Ministers of Foreign Affairs and an EU commissioner, founded the Council of the Baltic Sea States (CBSS) and the EuroFaculty.[1]
Coffeepot Pass, elevation 12,726 ft (3,879 m), is a mountain gap and footpath located in the Maroon Bells–Snowmass Wilderness of Colorado.  The pass offers a traverse over the Elk Mountains and connects the two counties of Gunnison and Pitkin.
Sonny Siaki  (born July 23, 1974) is an American retired professional wrestler of American Samoan descent. He is best known for his time in NWA Total Nonstop Action, where he was a one-time TNA X Division Champion.
The McNabb-Mallory rule (sometimes referred to as just the Mallory rule) is the U.S. rule of evidence that a confession is inadmissible if obtained during an unreasonably long period of detention between arrest and initial court appearance.[1][2][3][4]
Uthlede is a village and a former municipality in the district of Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2014, it is part of the municipality Hagen im Bremischen.
Gutnau Priory, also spelled Guttnau or Guttenau (German: Kloster Gutnau, Guttnau or Guttenau), was a small Benedictine nunnery in Neuenburg am Rhein, in the district Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany.
Jędrzychów [jɛnˈdʐɨxuf] (German: Heidersdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nysa, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Nysa and 49 km (30 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.
 United Nations
Frederikke Jakobine Federspiel (1839–1913) was the first female photographer to practice in Denmark. For many years, she ran her own photographic studio in Aalborg, always keeping abreast of the latest developments. Among her clients were the Danish princesses Dagmar and Alexandra who were attracted by her photo enamel jewelry.
"Pussy" is a song by German Neue Deutsche Härte band Rammstein. It was released as the lead single from the band's sixth studio album, Liebe ist für alle da (2009) on 18 September 2009. The song was released with a controversial and sexually explicit music video in which the band members, portrayed by body-doubles during some of the close ups of specific body parts, are seen having sex with women.[1]
Franziska Szegöffy (1816-1882) was a stage actor. She was engaged at the Estates Theatre in Prague in 1854-1874, where she belonged to the theatre's star attractions. She was known for her elder character roles.[citation needed]
Household total net is the net worth for individuals and is used as a measure in economics to compare the wealth of different groups. The net worth is the value of total assets minus the total value of outstanding liabilities. Household financial net worth is the balancing item of their financial balance sheet recorded at current market values. The total net worth is measured as a percentage of net disposable income. 
May 30 - Eastern Orthodox Church calendar - June 1
Nanikhir High School (NHS) (Bengali: ননীক্ষীর উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is a secondary school in the town of Nanikhir, Gopalganj District, Bangladesh.[1]
The Aspotogan Sea Spa was a luxury hotel development at the tip of the Aspotogan Peninsula, Nova Scotia, Canada. Construction was aborted in the mid-1990s when the developer ran out of money, leaving the hulking hotel building sitting abandoned for two decades until it was demolished in 2016.
Valeriano Ibañez Abello (1913-2000) was a Filipino civilian who was given the Philippine Legion of Honor for his efforts during World War II to aid the US Navy against the Japanese. He is most remembered today in Boy Scouting literature.
"Crushin' It" is a song recorded by American country music artist Brad Paisley. It was released on January 26, 2015, by Arista Nashville as the third single from his tenth studio album, Moonshine in the Trunk. He co-wrote the song with Kelley Lovelace and Lee Thomas Miller, and co-produced it with Luke Wooten.

Martha Peckard (née Ferrar; 1729 – 14 January 1805) was a British poet. She is best known for her works "Ode to Spring" (1758) and "Ode to Cynthia" (1758).
The Albany Trust Company Building is a historic commercial building located at 35 State Street at the corner of Broadway in Albany, New York.  It was built in 1904 and was designed by Marcus T. Reynolds in the Renaissance Revival style. Currently, it is the main offices of the Research Foundation for the State University of New York.[2]
Law Hiu Chung (Chinese: 羅曉聰; born 10 June 1995) is a Hong Kong professional footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Hong Kong Premier League club.
The helicopter hieroglyphs is a name given to part of an Egyptian hieroglyph carving from the Temple of Seti I at Abydos. In pseudo-scientific ancient astronaut circles,[1] the hieroglyphs have been interpreted as an out-of-place artifact depicting a helicopter (above the nine short vertical bars) as well as other examples of modern technology.
The fourth season of The Golden Girls premiered on NBC on October 8, 1988, and concluded on May 13, 1989. The season consisted of 26 episodes.
Political Tribes: Group Instinct and the Fate of Nations is a book by American legal scholar Amy Chua. It was published in February, 2018, and covers the topic of how loyalty to groups can be more important than ideology, and applies this idea to both failures of American foreign policy abroad and the rise of Donald Trump within the United States.[1]
Thénac (French pronunciation: ​[tenak]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
The New Philharmonia Orchestra of Massachusetts, founded in 1995, is a 75-member mostly non-professional regional orchestra based in Newton, Massachusetts. The "New Phil" performs in at the First Baptist Church in Newton (Massachusetts), and on occasion at Mission Church in Boston's Roxbury neighborhood, as well as other locations in the region.
Liptapanlop Hall is an indoor sporting arena and located in His Majesty the King's 80th Birthday Anniversary, 5 December 2007, Sports Complex, Nakhon Ratchasima, Thailand. The arena name after the surname of thai politician who official based in Nakhon Ratchasima, Suwat Liptapanlop. The capacity of the arena is 2,000 spectators.[1][2]
Stellaris is a 4X grand strategy video game developed by Paradox Development Studio and published by Paradox Interactive. In Stellaris, players take control of an interstellar civilization on the galactic stage and are tasked with exploring, colonizing, and managing their region of the galaxy, encountering other civilizations that they can then engage in diplomacy, trade, or warfare with. A large part of the game involves dealing with both scripted and emergent events, through which new empires alter the balance of power, powerful crises threaten the galaxy, or event chains tell the story of forgotten empires. It was released worldwide for Windows, macOS, and Linux on May 9, 2016[1] and for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One as Stellaris: Console Edition on February 26, 2019.[2]
Svetlana Vasiliyevna Klyuka (Russian: Светлана Васильевна Клюка; born 27 December 1978 in Belogorsk, Amur Oblast[1]) is a Russian middle distance runner. Klyuka ran the sixth fastest women's 800m time in the world in 2006 (1:57:21 minutes).
Łubno Opace [ˈwubnɔ ɔˈpat͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tarnowiec, within Jasło County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Tarnowiec, 13 km (8 mi) south-east of Jasło, and 51 km (32 mi) south-west of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Robert Randolph Bruce (July 16, 1861 – February 21, 1942) was an engineer, mining proprietor and the 13th Lieutenant Governor of British Columbia from 1926 to 1931.
Buffet froid is a 1979 French film written and directed by Bertrand Blier, starring Gérard Depardieu, Carole Bouquet, Bernard Blier and Jean Carmet. The film is a surreal black comedy portrayed as a crime thriller, set in Paris where contemporary urban life has alienated and dehumanized the city dwellers. The film won a César Award for Best Writing, and was nominated for Best Cinematography, Editing, and Production Design.
Medill is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Clark County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1] As of the 2020 census, its population was 82. [3]
Muji or Muzi is a Loloish language cluster spoken by the Phula people of China. It is one of several such languages to go by the name Muji. Muji varieties are Northern Muji, Qila Muji, Southern Muji, and Bokha–Phuma.[2]
The 1962–63 Drexel Dragons men's basketball team represented Drexel Institute of Technology during the 1962–63 men's basketball season. The Dragons, led by 11th year head coach Samuel Cozen, played their home games at Sayre High School and were members of the College–Southern division of the Middle Atlantic Conferences (MAC).
Tifata is a mountain of Campania, Italy. The Abbey of Sant'Angelo in Formis is located on its western slopes.
Özsoy (or Fereydun) [1] is an opera composed by Ahmet Adnan Saygun from a libretto by Münir Hayri Egeli.  It was the first Turkish opera composed during the country's Republican period under Mustafa Kemal Atatürk and it was given its premiere performance in the Halk Evi Theatre in Ankara on 19 June 1934.[2]
Linda Weintraub is an American art writer, educator and curator. She has written several books on   contemporary art.[1]  Her most recent works address environmental consciousness that defines the ways cultures approach art, science, ethics, philosophy, politics, manufacturing, and architecture.[2][3][4][5]
The following are the events in professional sumo during 1993.
Isma Dooly (1870 – May 11, 1921), also seen as Isma Dooley, was an American newspaper editor and clubwoman, based in Atlanta, Georgia.
CCDI (Camargo Correa Desenvolvimento Imobiliario) is a Brazilian homebuilding and commercial real estate development company. It is part of the Camargo Corrêa Group, one of the largest economic conglomerates in Brazil[citation needed].
The Standard Drug No. 2 is a historic commercial building located in Kinston, Lenoir County, North Carolina.  It was built between 1918 and 1924, and is a two-story, brick Commercial Style with street level, plate-glass windows.  The interior retains an Art Deco-style lunch counter and pressed metal ceiling.  Sit-ins were held at the lunch counter in 1960 and 1961, to protest segregation.[2]
The Atlas Car and Manufacturing Company was a manufacturer of small railroad locomotives.  The company was based in Cleveland, OH, building equipment from 1896 through the 1980s.
Sparta is an unincorporated community in Chickasaw County, Mississippi, United States.
Hungarian identity cards (Hungarian: Személyazonosító igazolvány, colloquially "személyi") are not compulsory[2][3][4] for Hungarian citizens, although they may be obtained by anyone after birth. However, every citizen from 14 years of age must have at least one of the three identity documents: national identity card; passport, under the age of 17 years; or a photo-card driving licence for anyone over 17 years old). Citizens can travel anywhere in Europe (except Belarus, Russia, Ukraine and United Kingdom) as well as to Georgia, French overseas territories, Montserrat and Turkey[5] using only this identity card (for travel to Kosovo, only the new biometric card is accepted).[6]
The Theban Desert Road Survey is an archaeological research project operated in conjunction with the Egyptian Ministry of Culture's Supreme Council for Antiquities that is being conducted in the Western Desert in Egypt  that focuses on the ancient connections between Thebes and such settlements as the Kharga Oasis. The project uses remote sensing to identify roads and caravan trails that were used in antiquity to identify possible sites of previously unknown communities.[1] Established in 1991 by Egyptologists Deborah Darnell and her then-husband John Coleman Darnell, the survey project grew substantially when it gained the support of Yale University in 1998.[1] The Theban Desert Road Survey has discovered sites from Predynastic Egypt, including substantial caches of pottery and other artifacts.[1]

Deans of Columbia Law School:
St. Croix State Park is a state park in Pine County, Minnesota, USA.  The park follows the shore of the St. Croix River for 21 miles (34 km) and contains the last 7 miles (11 km) of the Kettle River.[5]  At 33,895 acres (13,717 ha) it is the largest Minnesota state park.  It was developed as a Recreational Demonstration Area in the 1930s, and is one of the finest surviving properties of this type in the nation.  164 structures built by the Civilian Conservation Corps and the Works Progress Administration survive, the largest collection of New Deal projects in Minnesota.[6][7]  As a historic district they were listed on the National Register of Historic Places and proclaimed a National Historic Landmark in 1997.
Liane Bonin is an American journalist, author, radio producer, and produced screenwriter. She has written articles that appeared in Entertainment Weekly, The Los Angeles Times, Mademoiselle, Daily Variety, People, Teen People, The Hollywood Reporter, Maxim and others.[1]
Palazzo Civena is a Renaissance palace in Vicenza, Italy, dating to 1540. It was the first palace designed by Andrea Palladio for Giovanni Civena.[1]
Chaqra–Doubay (Arabic: شقرا–دوبيه)  is a  local authority in southern Lebanon, 116 km from Beirut; located in the Bint Jbeil District.[1] It consists of two parts: the  village Chaqra; while  Doubay (or Qal'at ad-Dubba), located about 4 km west of the village,  is a castle dating at least to the Crusader era. Chaqra's inhabitants are called the Chaqrawis.
Alfred Owen Crozier (1863–1939) was a attorney from the Midwestern United States who wrote eight books on the political, legal, and monetary problems of the United States.[1]
Jennifer Woolard is a developmental psychologist known for work within the juvenile justice system.[1][2] Woolard is professor of psychology and adjunct professor of law at Georgetown University.[3] She is involved in the Youth In Custody Practice Model Initiative at the Center for Juvenile Justice Reform at Georgetown University's McCourt School of Public Policy, which seeks to adopt evidence-based developmentally-appropriate practices within juvenile correctional institutions.[4]
The molecular formula C16H17NO2 (molar mass: 255.312 g/mol, exact mass: 255.1259 u) may refer to:
"Always the Sun" is a song by English rock band the Stranglers, first released as a single on 6 October 1986, the second single from the band's ninth studio album Dreamtime (1986). A remixed version was released as a single on 24 December 1990. Both versions were Top 30 hits in the United Kingdom.[1] "Always the Sun" was released in October 1986 in four different formats: a seven-inch single, shaped seven-inch picture disc, twelve-inch single, and as a double seven-inch single pack.[2]
Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād)[1] is a village in Rivand Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 42 families.[2]
Spagic is a Universal Middleware, characterized by an innovative approach to the governance and realization of SOA solutions, which are highly modular and configurable around an OSGi (Open Service Gateway initiative) kernel.
Bushuev or Bushuyev (Russian: Бушуев) is a Russian masculine surname originating from the verb bushit (make noise);[1] its feminine counterpart is Bushueva or Bushuyeva. It may refer to the following notable people:
The Kar-Kiya dynasty, also known as the Kiya'ids, was a local dynasty which mainly ruled over Biya-pish (eastern Gilan) from the 1370s to 1592.[1] They claimed Sasanian ancestry as well. Lahijan was the dynasty's capital.


The Wotton Light Railway is a private  15 in (381 mm) gauge light railway located near Wotton Underwood in Buckinghamshire. It is the hobby of High Court judge Sir Jeremy Sullivan.[1] Although the line is privately owned and operated, it may be viewed at strategic points where it crosses public footpaths,[2] and by invitation on occasional operating days.
John William Rollins (August 24, 1916 – April 4, 2000) was an American businessman and politician from Greenville, Delaware. He was a member of the Republican Party and served as the 14th Lieutenant Governor of Delaware. He founded or acquired nine companies, mostly in the automotive and communication sectors, all traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
David ibn Ya'ish (c. 1375) was a Spanish Jewish writer. Moses ha-Kohen de Tordesillas dedicated his work to him.[1][2] Representative of the community of Seville and contemporary of Asher b. Jehiel. He was probably a brother of Solomon b. Abraham ibn Ya'ish and the father of the Solomon b. David ibn Ya'ish mentioned by Judah b. Asher ("Zikron Yehudah," p. 12a).[3]
Cheshmeh Kareh[1] (Persian: چشمه كره) is a village in Gerit Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 14, in 4 families.[2]
Mount Vernon Church (established 1842) in Boston, Massachusetts, was a Congregational church located on Beacon Hill (1844–1891) and later in Back Bay (1892–present).[2]
The Trade Union International of Chemical, Energy, Metal, Oil and Allied Workers (CHEMISTRY-ENERGY) is a sectoral body affiliated to the World Federation of Trade Unions (WFTU). The international federations of national trade unions are organized in specific industry sectors or occupational groups.
Luzarches (French pronunciation: [lyzaʁʃ] (listen)) is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department in Île-de-France in northern France. Luzarches station has rail connections to Sarcelles and Paris.
The Newman–Kwart rearrangement is a type of rearrangement reaction in which the aryl group of an O-aryl thiocarbamate, ArOC(=S)NMe2, migrates from the oxygen atom to the sulfur atom, forming an S-aryl thiocarbamate, ArSC(=O)NMe2.[1][2][3] The reaction is named after its discoverers, Melvin Spencer Newman[4] and Harold Kwart.[5] The reaction is a manifestation of the double bond rule.  The Newman–Kwart reaction represents a useful synthetic tool for the preparation of thiophenol derivatives.
In enzymology, a xyloglucan-specific endo-beta-1,4-glucanase (EC 3.2.1.151) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
The Wildwoods are a group of five communities (four distinct municipalities and one census-designated place) in Cape May County, New Jersey. These are situated on the Island of Five Mile Beach, a barrier island facing the Atlantic Ocean. These Jersey Shore communities have relatively small year-round populations that swell significantly during the summer with vacationers.[1]
The 2000 Supercopa de España was a Spanish football competition, played over two legs on 20 August and 27 August 2000. It was contested by Espanyol, who were Spanish Cup winners in 1999–2000, and Deportivo La Coruña, who won the 1999–2000 Spanish League.
Marcinowice [mart͡ɕinɔˈvit͡sɛ] (German: Merzdorf)[1] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mściwojów, within Jawor County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[2] Prior to 1945 it was in Germany.
Antonio Cabral de Melo (1646-c.1717) was a Spanish landowner and Captain of provincial militias.[2] He dedicated himself to the raising of cattle and agriculture, later obtaining the position of Accionero (Vaquería (caza)) of the Río de la Plata, with permission for the slaughter of the cattle cimarron.[3]
Reilly (French pronunciation: ​[ʁɛji]) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Puéchoursi (French pronunciation: ​[pɥeʃuʁsi]; Occitan: Puèch Orsin, meaning bear mountain) is a commune in the Tarn department in southern France.
33°56′04″S 18°28′39″E﻿ / ﻿33.9344152202°S 18.477526634°E﻿ / -33.9344152202; 18.477526634
Stephen Emt (born January 6, 1970) is an American wheelchair curler.[1]
Walter von Lomersheim was a German knight considered to be the founder of Maulbronn Monastery.
She Said (Original Motion Picture Score) is the score album to the 2022 film of the same name, based on the 2019 book by reporters Jodi Kantor and Megan Twohey, that stars Carey Mulligan and Zoe Kazan as Twohey and Kantor, respectively, following their New York Times investigation that exposed Harvey Weinstein's history of abuse and sexual misconduct against women. The film features original score composed by Nicholas Britell and cello performances by his wife Caitlin Sullivan. The album was released by Back Lot Music on November 18, 2022.
Jura Dolois Football (French pronunciation: ​[ʒyʁa dɔlus]; commonly referred to as Jura Dolois) is a French football club based in Dole in the Franche-Comté region. The club was founded in 1991 under the name Dole-Tavaux Racing Club following the merger of local clubs FC Dole, which was formed in 1907, and US Tavaux-Damparis, which was formed in 1932. The club adopted its current name in 2006 and receiving backing and support from the commune Dole and its surrounding areas. Jura Dolois share a partnership with nearby professional club Dijon FCO.[1] The club currently plays in the Championnat National 3, the fifth division of French football, after achieving promotion from the Division d'Honneur most recently in the 2016–17 season.
Brave Tomorrow is an old-time radio soap opera in the United States. It was broadcast on NBC October 11, 1943 – June 30, 1944.[1]
In Schenkerian analysis, the primary tone or head tone (German: Kopfton) is the starting tone of the fundamental line. The fundamental line itself originates as an arpeggiation of the tonic chord, filled by passing tones:
The 321st Cavalry Regiment was a cavalry unit of the United States Army during the interwar period. The unit was activated as a Missouri and Arkansas Organized Reserve unit during the interwar period. It was converted into a signal aircraft warning regiment after the United States entered World War II.
Sihaung Myauk is a village in Kale Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.[citation needed]

John Primrose (c.1803 – 28 November 1876) was a Scottish distiller and brewer who had a substantial career in the colony of South Australia. He was the founder of the Union Brewery, also known as Primrose's Brewery, in Rundle Street, Adelaide, the colony's first successful brewery.
Suessa Baldridge Blaine (February 25, 1860 – May 15, 1932) was an American writer of temperance pageants. She was connected with the Federated Woman's Clubs and organizations.[1]
Sadyba is a neighborhood in Mokotów district of Warsaw, Poland. It has an administrative status of osiedle within the city.  Sadyba can be divided into Old Sadyba, mainly upper class housing, and New-Sadyba with modern retail stores and communist era high rise apartments.  Old and New Sadyba can be divided roughly by Świętego Bonifacego street, just south of the Sadyba Best mall.   Sadyba is known as the "Garden City" due to the large number of household and community gardens tended by the residents.
Deafblind UK is a national charity in the United Kingdom supporting people with sight and hearing loss to live the lives they want. Founded in 1928, Deafblind UK has its headquarters in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire.[1] The charity help people to live with deafblindness by making connections, and building their confidence and independence through a range of services and campaigns. Run by staff and volunteers,[2] the current CEO is Steve Conway,[3][4] who has been in position since 2018. The current chairman in Robert Nolan.[5]
Lima department was a department of Peru. It was formed by the territories of present-day Lima Region, Callao Region and Ica Region, and Casma Province, Huarmey Province and Santa Province, which later would be part of the La Costa Department.
Kakha Baindurashvili (Georgian: კახა ბაინდურაშვილი) (born 26 September 1978) is a Georgian politician who was the country's Minister of Finance from 6 February 2009 to 17 June 2011.
Camerae (singular camera) are the spaces or chambers enclosed between two adjacent septa in the phragmocone of a nautiloid or ammonoid cephalopod molluscus. These can be seen in cross-sections of a nautilus shell and in the polished cross-sections of ammonites. In life these chambers are filled with gas, mediated by the siphuncle, and used to control buoyancy.
Theodore Lewis Poole (April 10, 1840 – December 23, 1900) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Josep Vicent is a Spanish conductor. Principal Conductor - Music Director with ADDA Simfònica of Spain.
Artistic and General Director at ADDA Auditorium in the region of Valencia.
Conducta regularly Orchestras like Rotterdam Philharmonic, London Symphony, Belgium National Orchestra and many others. He was artistic director at Xenakis Festival and The Amsterdam Percussion Group. He has been also chief conductor and artistic director with Balearic Symphony Orchestra. He is the artistic director and principal conductor at The World Orchestra. Vicent was born in the musical region of Valencia in Spain and studied at the Conservatorio Superior de Música de Alicante and the Sweelinck Conservatorium in Amsterdam.[1][2]
Harav (Armenian: Հարավ) or Harov (also Garov) is a village de facto in the Askeran Province of the breakaway Republic of Artsakh, de jure in the Khojaly District of Azerbaijan, in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh. The village has an ethnic Armenian-majority population, and also had an Armenian majority in 1989.[2]
Glory is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Matthew Lintz (born May 23, 2001) known professionally as Matt Lintz is an American actor. He is best known for playing Henry in the AMC television series The Walking Dead (2018–2019) and Bruno Carrelli in the Disney+ miniseries Ms. Marvel (2022).[1][2]
The 104th Indiana Infantry Regiment was organized in Greensburg, Indiana, as one of thirteen "Minute Men" regiments and a battalion formed for emergency service during Morgan's Raid into Indiana during the American Civil War. On July 8, 1863, after Confederate General John Hunt Morgan crossed the Ohio River into southern Indiana, governor Oliver P. Morton called for volunteers to defend the state. Within forty-eight hours 65,000 men had volunteered their services. The 104th mustered into service at Greensburg on July 10, 1863, under the command of Colonel James Gavin. The regiment included six companies of "Minute Men" and four companies from the Indiana Legion, the state's militia. The majority of the men from the 104th came from Marion County, Decatur County, Fayette County, and Dearborn County, Indiana. During its brief term of service, the 104th marched from Greensburg to Lawrenceburg, Indiana, by way of Sunman's Station, before heading toward Harrison, Ohio. After the threat to Indiana ended on July 14, when it was confirmed that Morgan had entered Ohio, the 104th returned to Greensburg and mustered out of service on July 18, 1863.[1][2][3][4] Morgan was captured in eastern Ohio on July 26, 1863.[5]
Philippe Keyaerts is a Belgian designer of German-style board games. His two first published games are Vinci and Evo. Those two games use the mechanism of allowing the players to spend victory points to improve the characteristics of their play.  He also invented Space Blast, a small space battle game.  Philippe Keyaerts is best known as the designer of Small World, a 2009 fantasy-themed board game based upon a remake of Vinci.
Chittagong Mohammedan Sporting Club (Bengali: চট্টগ্রাম মোহামেডান স্পোর্টিং ক্লাব) is a sports club based in Chittagong, Bangladesh.[1] The club was established in 1950. Chittagong Mohammedan is considered as most successful club of Chittagong Premier League with record 19 titles.[2]
The 2017 U-18 Baseball World Cup or the XXVIII U-18 Baseball World Cup was an international baseball tournament held by the World Baseball Softball Confederation for players 18-year-old and younger. The 2017 edition was held in Thunder Bay, Canada from September 1–10, 2017.
Tappeh Goleh-ye Olya (Persian: تپه گله عليا, also Romanized as Tappeh Goleh-ye ‘Olyā and Tappeh Galleh-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Tappeh Galak, Tappeh Glaeh Olya, Tappeh Golā-ye Bozorg, Tappeh Gol-e ‘Olyā, Tappeh-ye Gol, and Tappeh-ye Goleh)[1] is a village in Howmeh-ye Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Eslamabad-e Gharb County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 281, in 58 families.[2]
Bradycidus was formerly the name of a genus of ground beetles in the family Carabidae, with a single species, Bradycidus veneris. The current status of this genus and species is considered invalid or doubtful.[1][2][3]
The African National Party (French: Parti national africain, PNA) was a political party in Chad. PNA was founded on January 30, 1960, through the merger of remnants of four parties based in the Muslim-dominated northern Chad; African Socialist Movement, Chadian Social Action, Independent Democratic Union of Chad and Grouping of Rural and Independent Chadians. Initially, PNA held 25 seats in the National Assembly, but the party suffered from defections to the Chadian Progressive Party, first the number of MPs went down to 17 and then to ten. In April 1961, PNA merged with the Chadian Progressive Party at a Unity Congress in Abéché, forming the Union for the Progress of Chad (UPT).[1][2]
USS League Island (AG-149/AKS-30)  – also known as USS LST-1097 - was an LST-511-class tank landing ship launched by the U.S. Navy during the final months of World War II. League Island served as a supply and stores-issue ship for the U.S. 7th Fleet, and was decommissioned after the war.
Amy Gulick is an American nature and wildlife photographer. She is one of the founding Fellows[1] of the International League of Conservation Photographers[2]
Acetoacetyl-CoA synthase (EC 2.3.1.194, NphT7) is an enzyme with systematic name acetyl-CoA:malonyl-CoA C-acetyltransferase (decarboxylating).[1] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
Gunma 3rd district was a constituency of the House of Representatives in the Diet of Japan (national legislature). Between 1947 and 1993 it elected four representatives by single non-transferable vote. As of 1993, it comprised the cities of Takasaki, Shibukawa, Fujioka, Tomioka, Annaka and the Gunma, Kitagunma, Tano, Kanra, Usui and Agatsuma districts.[citation needed]
John William Linden Gillespie (May 1862 – June 24, 1926) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played one game in right field for the Buffalo Bisons of the Players' League in 1890. In that game, he had three at bats without a hit, and made three errors in four fielding chances.
USS SP-1595 was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission during World War I.
New Paltz Central High School is situated in the town of New Paltz in New York, on South Putt Corners Road. It serves students in grades 9-12 from the New Paltz Central School District, which serves most of New Paltz and Gardiner, New York, as well as parts of several other towns adjacent.
Yerushalmim (English: Jerusalemites) is an Israeli local civilian organization and political party in Jerusalem.
Iron Sky: Invasion is an official video game based on the 2012 Finnish science fiction comedy Iron Sky. The game is developed by Reality Pump Studios, and is published by TopWare Interactive.
KJNT (1490 AM) is a radio station licensed to cover Jackson, Wyoming, United States. The station is currently owned by Ted W. Austin, Jr.[1][2]
Carlos Simon (born 1986) is an African-American composer of Western classical music.
"Toulouse" is a song by Dutch DJ and music producer Nicky Romero. It was released as a single on December 19, 2011, in the Netherlands and January 2, 2012, in the United States through Spinnin' Records. A music video for the song was uploaded to YouTube on May 9, 2012.
J & A Brown was an privately owned Australian coal family firm founded by James Brown (1816–1894) and Alexander Brown (1827–1877).
Ali Kemal Bey (Ottoman Turkish: علی كمال بك; 7 September 1869 – 6 November 1922) was a British-Turkish journalist, newspaper editor, poet, liberal-leaning politician, and government official who was for some three months Minister of the Interior in the government of Damat Ferid Pasha, the Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire. He was murdered by paramilitary officers during the Turkish War of Independence.
Disability is poorly documented in the Middle Ages, though disabled people constituted a large part of Medieval society as part of the peasantry, clergy, and nobility. Very little was written or recorded about a general disabled community at the time, but their existence has been preserved through religious texts and some medical journals.
Indian Rocks Dining Hall is a historic building located near Reedsville, Preston County, West Virginia. The dining hall was built in 1928, and 1+1⁄2 stories, with a hip porch on three sides.  The front facade is of brown fieldstone with a large fireplace at the center front of the building.  It is in the rustic Adirondack style.  Also on the property are a contributing tourist cabin (c. 1928), ice / spring house (1928), and ice pond (c. 1928). The property was developed in the late-1920s, by John Henry Hunt, Sr, who was a pioneer in African American entrepreneurship and worked for the advancement of African Americans in West Virginia.[2]
Francesco Maria Farnese (15 August 1619 – 12 July 1647) was an Italian Roman Catholic cardinal.
Lavalle Department  is a  department of Corrientes Province in Argentina.
Yonōzu (米水津村, Yonōzu-mura) was a village located in Minamiamabe District, Ōita Prefecture, Japan.
Biškupec Zelinski is a village in Croatia. It is connected by the D3 highway.
Jonathan Williams (born June 1, 1961) is a former American football running back. He played for the New England Patriots in 1984.[1][2]
Georg Christoph Strattner (c. 1645 – April 1704) was a German church musician, composer, and hymn writer.
Fiber network mechanics is a subject within physics and mechanics that deals with the deformation of networks made by the connection of slender fibers,.[1][2] Fiber networks are used to model the mechanics of fibrous materials such as biopolymer networks[3][4] and paper products.[5] Depending on the mechanical behavior of individual filaments, the networks may be composed of mechanical elements such as Hookean springs,[6] Euler-Bernoulli beams,[7] and worm-like chains.[8] The field of fiber network mechanics is closely related to the mechanical analysis of frame structures, granular materials, critical phenomena, and lattice dynamics.
Sienna Senior Living Inc. is a Canadian publicly traded senior housing company based in Markham, Ontario.  As at 31 December 2019, the company owned and operated 70 seniors’ living residences in addition to managing 13 residences for third parties; all were located either in Ontario or B.C.
[1] In Ontario, Sienna was the largest long-term care operator.[2]  The company is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange.
Gilda's Club is a community organization for people with cancer, their families and friends. Local chapters provide meeting places where those who have cancer, their families, and friends can join with others to build emotional and social support as a supplement to medical care. Free of charge and nonprofit, Gilda's Club chapters offer support and networking groups, lectures, workshops and social events in a nonresidential, homelike setting. The club was named in honor of the original Saturday Night Live cast member Gilda Radner, who died of ovarian cancer in 1989.
Persian Victory
Governor's Square is a super-regional shopping mall located on Apalachee Parkway in Tallahassee, Florida. Its two-level design was a first for northern Florida when it opened in 1979,[3] and was for many years the newest of two enclosed malls in the Tallahassee area, the other being The Centre of Tallahassee, formerly the Tallahassee Mall. The anchor stores are currently JCPenney, Macy's, and Dillard's. 
The Roma–Lido railway is an urban railway line connecting the Porta San Paolo Station in Rome to Lido di Ostia, Rome's seaside neighborhood.
The railway is 28.3 km (17.6 mi) long, stops at 13 stations and carries on average over 90,000 passengers per day.
Larkspur was the retrospectively adopted name of a tactical radio system used by the British Army. Its development started in the late 1940s with the first equipment being issued in the mid-1950s.  It remained in service until replaced by Clansman in the late-1970s although some elements of Larkspur were still in service well into the 1980s. It was widely exported to British Commonwealth armies and other friendly nations.
A coat typically is an outer garment for the upper body as worn by either gender for warmth or fashion.[1] Coats typically have long sleeves and are open down the front and closing by means of buttons, zippers, hook-and-loop fasteners, toggles, a belt, or a combination of some of these. Other possible features include collars, shoulder straps and hoods.
Fujiwara no Tsuginawa (藤原継縄, 727–796), also known as Fujiwara no Tsugutada[1] and Monozomo no Udajin,[2] was a Japanese statesman, courtier and politician during the Nara period.[3]
Richard R. Gaillardetz (born 1958) is an American theologian specializing in questions relating to Catholic ecclesiology and the structures of authority in the Roman Catholic Church. For his dissertation he researched ‘the Theology of the Ordinary Universal Magisterium of Bishops’. He is the author or editor of thirteen books, the most recent of which is An Unfinished Council:  Vatican II, Pope Francis, and the Renewal of Catholicism (Liturgical Press, 2015).
Warrior of the Lost World (also known as Mad Rider) is a 1983 Italian post-apocalyptic science fiction film written and directed by David Worth and starring Robert Ginty, Persis Khambatta, and Donald Pleasence. It was created and first released in Italy under the title Il Giustiziere della terra perduta ("Vigilante of the Lost Earth") in 1983 during the wide popularity of the Mad Max films, and many subsequently created post-apocalyptic films of the 1980s. Later the film was given another Italian title for VHS and television markets, I predatori dell'anno Omega ("Raiders of the Omega year").[citation needed]
James W. Hoge House is a historic home located in Winfield, Putnam County, West Virginia. Its owner, James W. Hoge, was a lawyer and judge, who represented Putnam County at the Virginia Secession Convention of 1861, voting against the ordinance in April but signing the ordinance later in June.[2]  He lived in the house from 1857 until his death in 1882. Charles Brown, who operated a ferry across the Kanawha River using enslaved labor built this house in 1838, and his son Tallyrand inherited it circa 1848 and rented it out until ultimately selling it in 1852, to Capt. John Bowyer (1794–1878), a veteran of the War of 1812 who became Justice of the Peace for Putnam County in 1848, and also served in the West Virginia House of Delegates. In 2004 it was moved a short distance to its current location in what had been the Hoge family graveyard, to save it from demolition. The single-story, Federal-style side-gable brick dwelling measures 18 feet by 47 feet, and features stepped parapets at the gable ends and a decorative brick cornice. Also on the property is the Hoge Cemetery, containing approximately 24 graves of Hoge family members, as well as unmarked graves of slaves.[3] Also including in the cemetery is the grave of Philip J. Thurmond (1826–1864), a noted Confederate partisan ranger who was killed during an action at Winfield.[4]
Tavakkolabad (Persian: توكل اباد, also Romanized as Tavakkolābād)[1] is a village in Howmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Bam County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 50, in 18 families.[2]
Federal Route 200, or Jalan Bukit Bunga-Jenok-Bukit Nangka, is a federal road in Kelantan, Malaysia.[1] It is a main route to Ban Buketa, Thailand.
The Gonja language, properly called Ngbanya or Ngbanyito,[2] is a North Guang language spoken by an estimated 230,000 people, almost all of whom are of the Gonja ethnic group of northern Ghana.  Related to Guang languages in the south of Ghana, it is spoken by about a third of the population in the northern region. The Brong-Ahafo and Volta regions lie to the south of the Gonja-speaking area, while Dagombas, Mamprussis and Walas are to the north.[3][4] Its dialects are Gonja and Choruba.

This is a list of episodes for Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger, a Japanese tokusatsu television drama. It is the fourth series in the franchise released in Japan's Reiwa Era and the 47th entry of Toei's long-running Super Sentai series produced by TV Asahi.
Skafandr  (Cyrillic: Скафандр) is a popular Russian band playing in the self-definite "metal-dub" style. Skafandr was formed in 1998 by Eugeniy Rybnikov, Yuriy Vitel, and Kirill Soloviyov in Saint Petersburg. Until 2001 the band was giving concerts with Anna Stolyarova's vocals, but since then focused on instrumental music only.
Polajny [pɔˈlai̯nɨ] (German Paulehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Zalewo, 23 km (14 mi) north of Iława, and 60 km (37 mi) west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Qeshlaq-e Hajj Aymanlu Mahteman (Persian: قشلاق حاج ايمانلومحتمن, also Romanized as Qeshlāq-e Ḩājj Aymānlū Maḥteman) is a village in Qeshlaq-e Shomali Rural District, in the Central District of Parsabad County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 242, in 47 families.[1]

This list of notable people associated with Université libre de Bruxelles includes faculty, staff, graduates and former students in the undergraduate program and all graduate programs, and others affiliated with the University. Individuals are sorted by category and alphabetized within each category. The "Affiliation" fields in the tables in this list indicate the person's affiliation with the ULB and use the following notation:
Stephen Bersted[a] (died 1287) was a medieval Bishop of Chichester.

Charles Bansley (fl. 1548), was an English poet.
Shirl Conway (born Shirley Elizabeth Crosman, June 13, 1916 – May 7, 2007) was an American television and Broadway actress.[1]
The 1905 French law on the Separation of the Churches and State (French: Loi du 9 décembre 1905 concernant la séparation des Églises et de l'État) was passed by the Chamber of Deputies on 9 December 1905. Enacted during the Third Republic, it established state secularism in France. France was then governed by the Bloc des gauches (Left Coalition) led by Émile Combes. The law was based on three principles: the neutrality of the state, the freedom of religious exercise, and public powers related to the church. This law is seen as the backbone of the French principle of laïcité (secularism). It is however not applicable in Alsace and Moselle, which were part of Germany when it was enacted.
Miss Grand Nicaragua is an annual national women's beauty pageant in Nicaragua founded by a León-based designer "Saul Benítez" in 2020, aiming to select the country representative to compete at Miss Grand International.[1] Formerly, throughout 2014 - 2017, the license of the contest belonged to Miss Mundo Nicaragua and Miss Nicaragua but the country representatives were either appointed or determined through the main contest of such organizations.[1][2][3]
The Bandai-Atami Sports Park Koriyama Skating Rink (磐梯熱海スポーツパーク郡山スケート場, Bandai Atami supōtsupāku Kōriyama sukēto-jō) is an open-air ice rink in the city of  Kōriyama in Fukushima prefecture in Japan. It was opened in 1993 for the National Sports Festival of Japan (Kokutai) in Fukushima in 1995.[1] It is located at 340 meters above sea level. The track serves as a roller-skating rink during the summer.
Elaine Emmanual is a Jamaican former cricketer.[1] She made her Women's One Day International debut during the 1973 Women's Cricket World Cup against Young England in a group stage match where fellow Jamaican players Leila Williams, Madge Stewart, Dorrett Davis, Loretta McIntosh, Evelyn Bogle and Yvonne Oldfield also made their maiden international appearance in the inaugural Women's Cricket World Cup.[2]
Desert Justice is a 1936 American western film directed by William Berke and starring Jack Perrin, Warren Hymer and David Sharpe.[1]
Magnetic Resonance Imaging is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Elsevier, encompassing biology, physics, and clinical science as they relate to the development and use of magnetic resonance imaging technology. Magnetic Resonance Imaging was established in 1982 and the current editor-in-chief is John C. Gore. The journal produces 10 issues per year.
38°52′59″N 76°59′35″W﻿ / ﻿38.882958°N 76.993067°W﻿ / 38.882958; -76.993067
Kimberly O. Johnson is an American politician. She is a former member of the South Carolina House of Representatives from the 64th District, serving since 2020. She is a member of the Democratic party.[1] She was defeated by Republican challenger Fawn Pedalino in the 2022 general election.[2]
The DFL-Supercup (German: [deː ʔɛf ˈɛlː ˈzuː.pɐ.kap] (listen)) or German Super Cup is a one-off football match in Germany that features the winners of the Bundesliga championship and the DFB-Pokal. The DFL-Supercup is run by the Deutsche Fußball Liga (English: German Football League).

This page documents confirmed tornadoes from August to September 2020 via various weather forecast offices of the National Weather Service. Based on the 1991–2010 averaging period, 83 tornadoes occur across the United States throughout August, while 74 occur in September.[1]
The  singles Tournament at the Matrix Essentials Evert Cup took place between February 24 and March 1 on the outdoor hard courts of the Indian Wells Tennis Garden in Indian Wells, United States. Monica Seles won the title, defeating Conchita Martínez in the final.
Granik is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

This is a list of banks in Taiwan, including the government-owned banks of the Taiwan.
Bert Roesems (born 14 October 1972, in Halle, Vlaams-Brabant), is a Belgian former professional road bicycle racer.[1]
Eric Fonoimoana (born June 7, 1969) is an American former beach volleyball player of Samoan descent[1] who paired with Dain Blanton to win the gold medal in beach volleyball at the 2000 Olympic Games. He has played professionally for more than 16 years and has entered over 200 tournaments. Fonoimoana won at least one tournament for seven straight years between 1998 and 2004. He is a former AVP Most Valuable Player and is in the top 10 in terms of all-time tournaments played. He has earned over 1 million dollars playing beach volleyball.
This is the results breakdown of the local elections held in Asturias on 24 May 2015. The following tables show detailed results in the autonomous community's most populous municipalities, sorted alphabetically.[1][2][3]
SeeVolution is a real-time website analytic web service that shows a heatmap of a website,[5] detailing where visitors are clicking, mouse moves and scrolls. The data is used to allow webmasters to see what areas of a website visitors are using.[4][6]
The warp-weighted loom is a simple and ancient form of loom in which the warp yarns hang freely from a bar, which is supported by upright poles which can be placed at a convenient slant against a wall. Bundles of warp threads are tied to hanging weights called loom weights which keep the threads taut.[1] Evidence of the warp-weighted loom appears in the Neolithic period in central Europe.  It is depicted in artifacts of Bronze Age Greece and was common throughout Europe, remaining in use in Scandinavia into modern times. Loom weights from the Bronze Age were excavated in Miletos, a Greek city in Anatolia.[2]
Paintings on masonite is a series of 27 abstract paintings made by Joan Miró using the type of proprietary hardboard known as masonite, just after the Spanish Civil War started on 18 July 1936. These works break with his earlier phase which was known as his wild paintings period. This was a label established to describe the work done during the two years preceding the Civil War, between 1934 and 1936.
Lyle & Scott Limited (Scottish Gaelic: Lyle & Scott Earranta), trading as Lyle & Scott, is a Scottish fashion and knitwear brand well known historically for its golfing knitwear. Based in Hawick, Scotland, the brand designs, manufactures and markets knitwear and in the 21st century has become increasingly popular for its clothing such as t-shirts, polo shirts, tracksuits and loungewear amongst younger and middle aged customers.[1]
Berrydale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Santa Rosa County, Florida, United States. Its population was 441 as of the 2010 census.[1] Florida State Road 4 passes through the community.
José Posada Herrera (Llanes, Asturias, 31 March 1814 – 7 September 1885) was a Spanish jurist and politician, President of the Council of Ministers 1883–1884. He was a member of the Dynastic Left party.
This is a list of results and records for the USA Rugby National Collegiate Men's Rugby Championships, which began in 1980.[1] The 1984–1988 and 1990 editions were played in conjunction with the Annual Pebble Beach Rugby Classic. In 2010, several of the top college teams agreed to form the College Premier League, now known as Division 1-A Rugby to begin play in spring 2011.[2] This list does not include records from the breakaway invitational Varsity Cup Championship held between 2013 and 2017,[3] nor from the rival National Collegiate Rugby Organization's D1 championship that began in 2021.[4]
Michael F. Scholz (born 13 September 1958 in Berlin) is a German university professor in modern and contemporary history, currently (2015) based in Sweden.[1][2]
"I Miss You" is a Japanese-language song by South Korean boy band Boyfriend from their ninth Japanese single album of the same name.[2] It's also their third overall Japanese single released under Kiss Entertainment. The single was released physically and digitally on February 22, 2017.
Below is a list of all the teams that ever have, or will, play in the Premier Development League or USL League Two.
Siloam is an unincorporated community in Bowie County, in the U.S. state of Texas.[1] According to the Handbook of Texas, the community had a population of 50 in 2000. It is located within the Texarkana metropolitan area.
Mäeküla is a village in Haapsalu municipality, Lääne County, in western Estonia.[1] Prior to the 2017 administrative reform of local governments, it was located in Ridala Parish.
Permanent mold casting is a metal casting process that employs reusable molds ("permanent molds"), usually made from metal. The most common process uses gravity to fill the mold, however gas pressure or a vacuum are also used. A variation on the typical gravity casting process, called slush casting, produces hollow castings. Common casting metals are aluminium, magnesium, and copper alloys. Other materials include tin, zinc, and lead alloys and iron and steel are also cast in graphite molds.[1][2]
Graña y Montero (BVL: GRAMONC1[1]) is a company based in Latin America. It originated as a real estate and construction company, now the oldest and largest in Peru. Its many business interests include the construction of buildings and infrastructure, the energy and mining industries, and sanitation and highway services. In November 2020 [2] changed its name to AENZA.
Onorio is an Italian male given name. Notable people with this name include:
The Europe/Africa Zone was one of the three zones of the regional Davis Cup competition in 1994.
Pokoše (pronounced [pɔˈkoːʃɛ]) is a village northeast of Slovenska Bistrica in northeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. It is now included with the rest of the Municipality of Slovenska Bistrica in the Drava Statistical Region.[2]
The 2011 Dutch National Track Championships were the Dutch national Championship for track cycling. They took place in Apeldoorn, the Netherlands from December 27 to December 30, 2011.[1][2][3][4]
The 1948 National Invitation Tournament was the 1948 edition of the annual NCAA college basketball competition.
Heather MacAllister (February 25, 1968 – February 13, 2007) was an American burlesque performer and social justice activist, whose work covered anti-racism, LGBT rights, and especially the fat acceptance movement. MacAllister performed on stage as Reva Lucian, a play on 'revolution', and Ms. Demeanor.
Eusebius of Nicomedia (/juːˈsiːbiəs/; Greek: Εὐσέβιος; died 341) was an Arian priest who baptized Constantine the Great on his deathbed in 337.[1][2] A fifth-century legend evolved that Pope Sylvester I was the one to baptize Constantine, but this is dismissed by scholars as a forgery 'to amend the historical memory of the Arian baptism that the emperor received at the end of his life, and instead to attribute an unequivocally orthodox baptism to him.'[3][4] He was a bishop of Berytus (modern-day Beirut) in Phoenicia. He was later made the bishop of Nicomedia, where the Imperial court resided. He lived finally in Constantinople from 338 up to his death.
David Friedman  is an associate justice of the New York Appellate Division of the Supreme Court, First Judicial Department.[1]

Donavon is a hamlet in Montrose Rural Municipality 315, Saskatchewan, Canada. The hamlet is located southwest of Saskatoon along Highway 45 and Canadian National Railway, Delisle-Tichfield Junction stub.
Todo mujer is a 2015 Spanish drama film directed by Rafael Gordon and portrayed by Isabel Ordaz, Julia Quintana, Miguel Torres, Arantxa de Juan and Alfonso Arranz.[1][2][3]
Lig (pronounced [ˈliːk]; Italian: Liga[2]) is a dispersed settlement in the hills northwest of Kanal in the Littoral region of Slovenia. It lies on the border with Italy and is made up of the smaller settlements of  Lig, Kostanjevica, and Strmec, as well as a few remote farmsteads in the Kanal Kolovrat range.[3]
False indigo is a common name for several plants related to indigo; it may refer to:
Chwałkowo [xfau̯ˈkɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Krobia, 17 km (11 mi) south of Gostyń, and 75 km (47 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
Nizampur is a town in Jehangira tehsil of Nowshera district in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located at 33°47'7N 72°1'27E and has an altitude of 329 metres (1082 feet).[1] The area contains reserves of iron ore.[2]
Omar Khairat (born November 11, 1948) (Arabic: عمر خيرت) is an Egyptian musician.

Narumerpy, New South Wales is a Parish of Ularara County in north west New South Wales.[1] It is  between Milparinka, New South Wales and Wilcannia and west of Wanaaring.[2]
The Kemerovo (Russian: Keмepoвcкaя, Kemerovskaya) is a general-purpose pig breed from Russia.
Antonic or Antonić is a Slavic surname according to Slavic naming customs. Notable people with this name include the following:
PeopleDoc is a cloud-based human resources service delivery and document management platform founded in France. In 2018, it was acquired by Ultimate Software for approximately $300 million.[1] PeopleDoc continues under that name as a division of UKG, the successor company of Ultimate Software.[2]
Yarimar Rosa (born June 20, 1988) is a Puerto Rican volleyball player.
The Chicago Yacht Club is located in Chicago, Illinois. "CYC" is well known as being the Organizing Authority for the Chicago Yacht Club Race to Mackinac held each July. CYC also organizes dozens of other sailboat races and regattas throughout the boating season, which is usually considered May 1 to October 31 in the Chicago area. CYC has two club houses or stations, one at Monroe Harbor and one at Belmont Harbor.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to Philadelphia:

Nancy Fannie  Millis AC MBE FAA FTSE  (10 April 1922 – 29 September 2012) was an Australian microbiologist and Emeritus Professor who introduced fermentation technologies to Australia, and created the first applied microbiology course taught in an Australian university.
Matias Skard (28 May 1846 – 28 July 1927) was a Norwegian philologist, educator, psalmist, essayist and translator.[1]
Isaac de Forcade de Biaix, aka Isaak de Forcade de Biaix,[4] aka Isaac von Forcade de Biaix,[5] aka Isaac von Forcade,[6][7] aka Peter Isaac von Forcade,[8] aka Isaak von Forcade[9] (c. 1703,[2][6] in Pau,[3] Béarn – 21 January 1775,[6] in Potsdam, Prussia), was a Royal Prussian colonel, Hofmarschall[1][6] to the Prince of Prussia[6] and recipient of Prussia's highest military order of merit for heroism, Knight of the Order of Pour le Mérite.[4] He was a descendant of the noble family of Forcade in Béarn, born as a Roman Catholic, but emigrated to Brandenburg-Prussia at a young age, where he joined the Huguenot community in Berlin.
Willis Ryan Henton (July 5, 1925 – February 15, 2006) was an American prelate of the Episcopal Church who served as the first Bishop of Western Louisiana between 1980 and 1990. Previously he was Bishop of Northwest Texas from 1972 until 1980.[1]
Podlesie [pɔdˈlɛɕɛ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Koczała, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Koczała, 37 km (23 mi) north-west of Człuchów, and 111 km (69 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
The 2014–15 Top League Challenge Series was the 2014–15 edition of the Top League Challenge Series, a second-tier rugby union competition in Japan, in which teams from regionalised leagues competed for promotion to the Top League for the 2015–16 season. The competition was contested from 7 December 2014 to 25 January 2015.
The Departmental Council of Mayenne (French: Conseil Départemental de Mayenne, Breton: Kuzul-departamant Mayenne) is the deliberative assembly of the Mayenne department in the region of Pays de la Loire. It consists of 34 members (general councilors) from 17 cantons.[1]
Bag of Bones is a 1998 horror novel by American writer Stephen King. It focuses on an author who suffers severe writer's block and delusions at an isolated lake house four years after the death of his wife. It won the 1999 Bram Stoker Award for Best Novel, the 1999 British Fantasy Award for Best Novel, and the 1999 Locus Award for Best Dark Fantasy/Horror Novel.[1] The book re-uses many basic plot elements of Daphne du Maurier's Rebecca, which is directly referenced several times in the book's opening pages; however, the relation of these elements (including a wife who is dead as the book opens, her posthumous effect on future romance, a drowning, and house haunted by the memories of previous inhabitants) to the plot and characters is markedly different. When the paperback edition of Bag of Bones was published by Pocket Books on June 1, 1999 (ISBN 978-0671024239), it included a new author's note at the end of the book, in which Stephen King describes his initial three-book deal with Scribner (Bag of Bones, On Writing, and a collection of short stories titled One Headlight, which later became Everything's Eventual), and devotes most of the piece describing the origins of the then-forthcoming Hearts in Atlantis.[2]
Chase Bryant is the self-titled debut EP by American country music artist Chase Bryant. It was released on September 23, 2014 via Red Bow.
An irregular mare patch also known as an IMP, is a smooth, rounded, slightly mounded area, generally about 500 meters wide, occurring in the lunar maria.[1]
Elephant Rock Books is an independent  publishing company based in Connecticut.[1]  As of 2013, it is the largest independent publisher in New England.[citation needed]  The press was initially founded by Jotham Burrello in Chicago in 2010.[2]  Burrello decided to start the press while talking with his former teacher, Patricia Ann McNair, about her work; her book, The Temple of the Air, became Elephant Rock's first publication and went on to win positive reviews and several awards.[3]  Elephant Rock also published Briefly Knocked Unconscious By A Low-Flying Duck, an essay anthology of the 2nd Story Collective[4] that has won multiple literary prizes.[5]
The Fuzhou Mosque (Chinese: 福州清真寺; pinyin: Fúzhōu Qīngzhēnsì) is a mosque in Gulou District, Fuzhou City, Fujian Province, China. It is located under the Ankang Bridge in Fuzhou and was rebuilt in the Ming Dynasty following a fire.[1]
Worn Copy is the seventh studio album by the American recording artist Ariel Pink, under his "Haunted Graffiti" musical project. It is the eighth release in the eponymous series of works and was released on the label, Rhystop, in 2003. It was reissued by Paw Tracks in 2005 with the bonus video, "For Kate I Wait."[1]
Nastanirh (also Nashtanir; Bengali: নষ্টনীড়, Nôshţoniŗh; English: 'The Broken Nest') is a 1901 Bengali novella by Rabindranath Tagore. It is the basis for the noted 1964 film Charulata, by Satyajit Ray.
Vank (Armenian: Վանք) or Vangli (Azerbaijani: Vəngli) is a village de facto in the Martakert Province of the breakaway Republic of Artsakh, de jure in the Kalbajar District of Azerbaijan, in the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh. The village has an ethnic Armenian-majority population, and also had an Armenian majority in 1989.[2] The 13th-century Gandzasar Monastery, and the 9th-century Khokhanaberd fortress are located near Vank.
License borrowing is a feature that allows a user to run software on a computer that is not continuously connected to the license server on the network.
The Bloomfields is a Filipino band heavily influenced by 1960s music and is currently composed of Rocky Collado, Lakan Hila, Louie Poco, and Nathan Abella. They first gained prominence in their alma mater La Salle Greenhills in 2002 and went mainstream in 2005. The band is famous for their hit songs Wala Nang Iba and their rendition of Ale and Babaero.[1] The band is also known for all of its members adept at doing vocals.[2]
Duplex (released in the United Kingdom and Ireland as Our House and in Poland as The Old Lady Must Go) is a 2003 American black comedy film directed by Danny DeVito (who also narrated the film) and written by Larry Doyle. The film stars Ben Stiller and Drew Barrymore with Eileen Essell, Harvey Fierstein, Robert Wisdom, Justin Theroux and James Remar in supporting roles.[2]
Bijan Jenab (Persian: بیژن جناب, born January 2, 1952, in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian graphic designer and professor at the School of Fine Arts at Tehran University, Al Zahra University and at Islamic Free University Radio/Television. He is one of the founding members of Iranian Graphic Design Society and currently serves as a jury member.[1][2]
Mette Marie Cecilia Nordlund (born 13 September 1973 in Östersund, Jämtland) is a Swedish songwriter, singer, composer and guitarist from Malmö. She has been part of the bands Souls, Monkeystrikes and Sunshine Rabbits, and has released solo work under the stage name Cilihili.
The third season of Ikki Tousen, titled Ikki Tousen: Great Guardians, is an anime television series based on the manga by Yuji Shiozaki, published by Wani Books and serialized in the seinen manga magazine Comic GUM. A third season, titled Ikki Tousen: Great Guardians (一騎当千 Great Guardians, Ikkitōsen Gurēto Gādianzu), aired 12 episodes on AT-X between June 11 and August 27, 2008, with subsequent broadcasts on Chiba TV, TV Saitama, TV Aichi, TV Kanagawa, Sun Television, and Tokyo MX. Produced by ARMS, the series is directed by Koichi Ohata, series composition by Masanao Akahoshi, music by Yasuharu Takanashi, characters by Rin Shin, and produced by Hisato Usui, Nobusaku Tanaka, Osamu Ecchu, Takuro Hatakeyama, and Yasuhiro Mikami. The opening theme is "No x limit" by Ami while the ending theme is "Kage: Shape of Shadow" (影～shape of shadow～) by Rio Asaba. The series was licensed by Media Blasters, as with the second season,[1] but it is now licensed by Funimation Entertainment after they withdrew the license.[2]
Akada Shin Tameike Dam is an earthfill dam located in Shimane Prefecture in Japan. The dam is used for irrigation. The catchment area of the dam is 13 km2. The dam impounds about 2  ha of land when full and can store 138 thousand cubic meters of water. The construction of the dam was completed in 1987.[1]
Takht-e Sabz (Persian: تخت سبز; also known as Takht-e Sabz-e Vosţá and Takht-e Sar)[1] is a village in Pian Rural District, in the Central District of Izeh County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 120, in 17 families.[2]
The National Black Political Convention, or the Gary Convention, was held on March 10–12, 1972 in Gary, Indiana.[1][2] The convention gathered around ten thousand African-Americans to discuss and advocate for black communities that undergo significant economic and social crisis.[3] Part of their goal was to raise the number of black politicians elected to office, increase representation, and create an agenda for fundamental change.[4] The convention also issued the Gary Declaration, which stated that the American political system was failing black Americans and that the only way to address this problem was to transition to independent black politics.[5][6] Notable participants in the convention included Gary mayor Richard Hatcher, civil rights activist Jesse Jackson, and House Representative Charles C. Diggs Jr.[7] Diggs Jr., alongside Richard Hatcher, were the two keynote speakers at the National Black Political Convention.
The Royal Galleries of Ostend (Dutch: Koninklijke Gaanderijen) are a seaside neoclassical arcade on a dike on the beach of Ostend, Belgium. They extend from the royal villa in the east to the Hippodrome Wellington horse racing track in the west. The galleries are over 380 metres (1,250 ft) long, with a large pavilion at each end.[1] The luxury Thermae Palace Hotel sits atop the central section.
José Esteban Montiel Gómez (born 20 September 1962 in Ogijares, Granada) is a former long-distance athlete from Spain who finished in 32nd position (2:19.15,00) in the Men's Marathon at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.[1]
Cynthia Louise "Cindy" Ryder (born August 12, 1966) is an American Olympic athlete who won the gold medal in women's single sculls rowing event at the 1991 Pan American Games and participated in the 1992 Olympics in Barcelona.
Yıldızeli District is a district of the Sivas Province of Turkey. Its seat is the town of Yıldızeli.[1] Its area is 2,529 km2,[2] and its population is 28,972 (2022).[3]
Salvador de Arizón y Sánchez-Fano was a Spanish Lieutenant General who participated in the Cuban War of Independence and the Philippine Revolution. He was a member of the House of Arizón as well as the Directorate-General of the Civil Guard from June 26, 1917, to December 6, 1918.
The Manuscript  (often stylized The MANuscript) is a studio album by American singer Dave Hollister. It was released by Shanachie Records in collaboration with Conjunction Entertainment and TopNotch Music on September 9, 2016.
Biggs Furniture, based in Richmond, Virginia, United States, was once a leading U.S. manufacturer of colonial reproduction furniture.[1][2] The company flourished in the 20th century, alongside reproductions by Colonial Williamsburg by the Kittinger Company, and other mass market reproduction brands like Ethan Allen and Pennsylvania House. In 1975, the company was purchased by the Kittinger Company.[3]
Sega Rally is a series of racing video games published by Sega and developed by several studios including Sega AM3, Sega and Sega Racing Studio.
Łotoszyny [wɔtɔˈʂɨnɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Hrubieszów, within Hrubieszów County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland, close to the border with Ukraine.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Hrubieszów and 109 km (68 mi) south-east of the regional capital Lublin.
Albert Stone is the owner of Sterilite and a philanthropist from Townsend, Massachusetts.
Gavirate is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of Milan and about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northwest of Varese. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 9,438 and an area of 13.3 square kilometres (5.1 sq mi).[3]
A galerna is a sudden and violent storm with strong wind gusts from the west or northwest that affects coastal areas of the Cantabrian Sea and the Bay of Biscay, predominantly from spring to fall.[1] It especially affects the central and eastern part of the Spanish north coast provinces (Asturias, Cantabria, Biscay and Gipuzkoa) and the southwestern region of France (Touraine, Berry, Deux-Sèvres, Vendée, French Basque Country, Quercy, and Brittany). The name comes from French galerne and that originates from Breton (gwalarn), a wind from the northwest.
Jennie McGraw, also Jennie McGraw Fiske, (September 14, 1840 – September 30, 1881) was the daughter of John McGraw, millionaire philanthropist to Cornell University and Rhoda Charlotte Southworth. In 1868, she gave the university a set of chimes. The first tune played at any Cornell Chimes concert is the "Cornell Changes", also known as the "Jennie McGraw Rag".  They continue to be played every day from McGraw Tower on the campus. She was also the founder of the Southworth Library in Dryden, New York. Upon her death, she left a significant bequest to Cornell University. Her will designated monies for a library, McGraw Hall, a student health center, and additional monies to be used as the university wished. She was married when she was 39 to professor and librarian Willard Fiske, but lived less than two years following the wedding ceremony.
Benjamin Cleveland (May 28, 1738 – October 1806) was an American pioneer and officer in the North Carolina militia. He is best remembered for his service as a colonel in the Wilkes County Regiment of the North Carolina militia during the War of Independence, and in particular for his role in the American victory at the Battle of Kings Mountain .
Basse-sur-le-Rupt (French pronunciation: [bas syʁ lə ʁy] (listen)) is a commune in the Vosges department in Grand Est in northeastern France. Its inhabitants are called Bassurois. It is a mountainous commune of seven hamlets, crossed by the river Rupt. Its landmarks include Le Haut du Roc, Le Pierre des Communes, Le Piquante Pierre and the memorial of Le Croix des Moinats. Its historical industries were textiles, sawmills and granite.
Temple Square Hospitality Corporation is a subsidiary of Deseret Management Corporation which provides dining, catering and other services at the Lion House, Joseph Smith Memorial Building, and other properties owned by Zions Securities Corporation near Temple Square in downtown Salt Lake City, Utah. The company caters parties, weddings, and corporate events.
In geometry, the truncated infinite-order square tiling is a uniform tiling of the hyperbolic plane. It has Schläfli symbol of t{4,∞}.
Neuroinformatics is the field that combines informatics and neuroscience. Neuroinformatics is related with neuroscience data and information processing by artificial neural networks.[1] There are three main directions where neuroinformatics has to be applied:[2]

Sir Edward Wingfield Verner, 4th Baronet (1 October 1830 – 21 June 1899)[1] was a Conservative Party politician in Ireland who sat in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom from 1863 to 1880.
Kerosene Salesman's Wife (Russian: Жена керосинщика) is a 1988 Soviet drama film directed by Alexander Kaidanovsky.[1][2][3]
HDMS Justitia was a ship-of-the-line designed by Ole Judichaer built at Nyholm, Copenhagen for the Royal Danish-Norwegian Navy.[3]
Les Clips Vol. II is a VHS recorded by the French singer Mylène Farmer, containing all the singer's videoclips from 1988 to 1989.[1] It was released in December 1988 in France.
Sean Hornbuckle (born September 2, 1985) is an American politician who has served in the West Virginia House of Delegates from the 16th district since 2014.[2][3]
Prinsesse Maries Allé is a street in the Frederiksberg district of Copenhagen, Denmark, linking Gammel Kongevej in the south to Vodroffsvej in the north.
The ALWAC III-E was an early commercial vacuum-tube computer employing a rotating magnetic drum main storage unit,[1] operational in 1955. It weighed about 2,200 pounds (1.1 short tons; 1.00 t).[2]
Island Center Station (アイランドセンター駅, Airando-Sentā-eki) is a railway station operated by Kobe New Transit on the Rokko Island Line in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Gorbănești is a commune in Botoșani County, Western Moldavia, Romania. It is composed of eight villages: Bătrânești, George Coșbuc, Gorbănești, Mihai Eminescu, Silișcani, Socrujeni, Viforeni and Vânători.
KUJ (1420 AM) is a radio station licensed to Walla Walla, Washington, United States.  The station is currently owned by Alexandra Communications.[1] It features a news/talk format.[2] The station has obtained a construction permit from the FCC for a power increase to 10,000 watts during the day.
The Ninemile Shale is a geologic formation in Nevada. It preserves fossils dating back to the Ordovician period.
WRNC-LP was a student-owned, freeform radio station on 97.7 MHz, and served the Chequamegon Bay area from the campus of Northland College in Ashland, Wisconsin.
Michael Zimmerman (born 1953) is an American biologist and former Vice President for Academic Affairs / Provost at The Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington. He previously served in a number of academic and administrative positions including Dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana, and Dean of the College of Letters and Science at the University of Wisconsin–Oshkosh for 14 years.[1] Before moving to Wisconsin, Zimmerman spent 12 years at Oberlin College as a professor of biology and associate dean of the College of Arts and Sciences. Prior to that he worked at the College of William & Mary as well as Hampshire College.
Totalization agreements are international tax treaties that seek to eliminate dual taxation with regards to Social Security and Medicare taxes in the United States. These agreements are made in order to accommodate foreign workers who pay FICA taxes but receive no Social Security or Medicare benefits after reaching age 65. The agreements are made between the U.S. and other individual countries, and govern international taxpayers who earn money in the U.S. The goal of totalization agreements is to eliminate dual taxation on a foreigner's income made in the U.S. as well as provide proportional Social Security benefits for the same foreign workers. Issues considered to determine if a worker is covered under either Social Security and Medicare in the United States, or the social security system in a foreign country include where the worker resides and whether the employment in a foreign country is short-term or long-term. As of August 2017, the U.S. has 26 active totalization agreements.
Maiden is a 58 foot (18 m) aluminium ocean racing yacht built in 1979, designed by Bruce Farr and raced by Pierre Fehlmann, Bertie Reed and Tracy Edwards and John Bankart. Edwards bought the yacht in 1987 to compete in the 1989–90 Whitbread Round the World Race with an all-female crew. The yacht achieved good results and broke records, leading to Edwards becoming the first female winner of the Yachtsman of the Year Trophy, changing the perception of women in ocean racing.
Kutschera is a Germanized version of Czech surname Kučera. Notable people with the surname include:
Ting Kau is an area in west Tsuen Wan District, New Territories, Hong Kong. Ting Kau Village (Chinese: 汀九村) is a village near the shore. Ting Kau is famous for the Ting Kau Bridge, spanning the Rambler Channel, from Ting Kau to Tsing Yi Island.[1]
Alagappa is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
Advanced Materials Interfaces is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering materials science,[1] including research on functional interfaces and surfaces and their specific applications.
Biassono-Lesmo Parco railway station is a railway station in Italy. Located on the Monza–Molteno railway, it serves the municipality of Biassono in Lombardy.[2] The train services are operated by Trenord.
Espero has been borne by at least three ships of the Italian Navy and may refer to:
Lac des Estaris is a lake in Orcières, Hautes-Alpes, France.
"Sea of Voices" is a song recorded by American electronic music producer Porter Robinson. It was released on March 3, 2014 as the first single from his debut studio album Worlds (2014). The track revealed the tone of Worlds as emotional and nostalgic, as opposed to his older complextro dance music style.[1] The song features uncredited vocals from Breanne Düren. The song was a hit on the American Dance/Electronic Songs chart.
The Northeast Coalition for the Liberation of Southern Africa (NECLSA) was an anti-apartheid organization founded in 1977 at Yale University by members of the Black Student Alliance at Yale (BSAY) and students at Rutgers University in response to the massacre of black students by the South African police during the Soweto student uprisings in June 1976.  The organization quickly expanded to a majority membership of white Americans.  At its height, NECLSA became the umbrella organization of Anti-Apartheid committees on some 100 campuses throughout the North East region of the United States.
Zhalong Nature Preserve (simplified Chinese: 扎龙国家级自然保护区; traditional Chinese: 扎龍國家級自然保護區; pinyin: zhālóng guójiā jízìránbǎohùqū) is a wetland reserve in Heilongjiang province, China.[3]

Suzanne Vos was a South African politician. She was a member of the Inkatha Freedom Party and Parliament.
Central Asia Gas Pipeline, Ltd. (CentGas) was a consortium formed in the 1990s to develop a project to build the Trans-Afghanistan Pipeline from Turkmenistan's natural gas fields to Pakistan.[1]  The consortium had also considered an extension of the pipeline to the New Delhi area.  Regional and political instability proved too great a challenge to overcome and the project eventually was cancelled after Unocal (the largest CentGas investor) withdrew from the consortium.
Moving Walls is the ninth solo album by Matthew Good. The album was previewed with a single, "Sicily", which was released on October 18, 2019, with an accompanying music video.[3] A second single, "Selling You My Heart", was released on January 24, 2020, with the album following on February 21, 2020.[4]
The Alpha Phi Fraternity House-Beta Alpha Chapter is a historic fraternity house located at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign in Champaign, Illinois. The university's Beta Alpha chapter of the Alpha Phi women's fraternity purchased the house, which was built in 1909 as a private residence in 1923. The chapter was formed in 1919 and officially charted in 1922. Its members were active in many campus groups and organized social functions and charitable activities. 
Meghan Lorence is an American ice hockey forward, currently playing for the Minnesota Whitecaps of the Premier Hockey Federation (PHF).
Nicholas Jesse Kaczur (born July 28, 1979) is a Canadian former American football offensive tackle. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the third round of the 2005 NFL Draft. He played college football at Toledo.
African Lion Safari is a family-owned safari park in Southern Ontario, Canada, straddling the cities of Hamilton and Cambridge, located 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Toronto.  Guests may tour seven game reserves, with a total area of about 740 acres (300 hectares), on tour buses or in visitors' own vehicles, where animals roam freely in contained areas. Accompanying the game reserves is a walking section where exotic birds and primates, as well as the park's herd of Asian elephants, are on display.
Civiasco is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northeast of Turin and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Vercelli.
Talmadge Layne "Tab" Thacker (March 10, 1962 – December 28, 2007)  was an American wrestler and actor.
The Saab Bofors Dynamics CBJ-MS is a personal defense weapon/submachine gun designed and manufactured by Swedish weapon developer CBJ Tech AB, and was also manufactured by Saab Bofors Dynamics.  It can be chambered for both 6.5×25mm CBJ and 9×19mm Parabellum cartridges via simple barrel changes.
The 1910 Five Nations Championship was the first series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship following the inclusion of France into the Home Nations Championship. Including the previous Home Nations Championships, this was the twenty-eighth series of the annual northern hemisphere rugby union championship. Ten matches were played between 1 January and 28 March. It was contested by England, France, Ireland, Scotland and Wales.
Maud Welzen (born 13 November 1993) is a Dutch model and former Victoria Secret model. She currently resides in New York, and has been married to Bram Aarts[2] since 31 August 2019.[3][2]
Norway competed at the 1992 Summer Paralympics in Barcelona, Spain. 38 competitors from Norway won 33 medals, including 13 gold, 13 silver and 7 bronze and finished 10th in the medal table.[1]
Feadz (born Fabien Pianta)[1] is a French music producer, DJ and songwriter currently signed by French music label Ed Banger Records. He combines the genres of hip hop, electronic, techno and French house in his music and frequently collaborates with label-mate and former girlfriend Uffie.
David Mark Kramer (born 1961) is an American biophysicist.
"Better" is the debut single by Brooke Fraser from her multi-platinum and award-winning album What to Do with Daylight.
The Wrestling Federation of Armenia (Armenian: Հայաստանի ըմբշամարտի ֆեդերացիա), is the regulating body of wrestling in Armenia, governed by the Armenian Olympic Committee. The headquarters of the federation is located in Yerevan.[1]
Jang Yong-chol (born 1964) is a former North Korean diplomat.[2]
In BDSM, a safeword is a code word, series of code words or other signal used by a person to communicate their physical or emotional state, typically when approaching, or crossing, a physical, emotional, or moral boundary.[1] Some safewords are used to stop the scene outright, while others can communicate a willingness to continue, but at a reduced level of intensity.  
Cichorzecze [t͡ɕixɔˈʐɛt͡ʂɛ] (German: Klöbenstein) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Czaplinek, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) south-west of Czaplinek, 27 km (17 mi) east of Drawsko Pomorskie, and 108 km (67 mi) east of the regional capital Szczecin.
The Congo Basin (French: Bassin du Congo) is the sedimentary basin of the Congo River. The Congo Basin is located in Central Africa, in a region known as west equatorial Africa. The Congo Basin region is sometimes known simply as the Congo. It contains some of the largest tropical rainforests in the world and is an important source of water used in agriculture and energy generation.[1]
The Firestone Indy 400 was an IndyCar Series race held at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn, Michigan. The event was most recently held in 2007. From 1981 to 2001, the event was better-known as the Michigan 500, and was held in high prestige. During its heyday of the 1980s, the race was part of Indy car racing's 500-mile "Triple Crown".
St. Hyacinth's Church in Wierzbica Górna (Gmina Wołczyn), Poland, is a wooden church built in 1722. The church belongs to St. Hyacinth Parish in Wierzbica Górna, in the Namysłów-South Deanery of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Wrocław.[1] Since April 18, 1964 the church was registered on the Register of Objects of Cultural Heritage for the Opole Voivodeship, with the registration number of 818/64.[2]
All Live is a live album by Gordon Lightfoot, It was recorded at the historic Massey Hall. The album was released on April 17, 2012, through Rhino Records. It is a collection of live concert recordings that span 1998 to 2001; all of the recordings are in untouched condition (directly from the mixing board), and span Lightfoot's entire career.
The Umschlagplatz Monument (full name: Umschlagplatz Monument-Wall) is a monument located in Warsaw at Stawki Street, in the former loading yard, where from 1942 to 1943 Germans transported over 300,000 Jews from the Warsaw Ghetto to the death camp in Treblinka and other camps in the Lublin district.
Tan Kok Hwa, professionally known as Chen Guohua is a Singaporean actor and contracted artiste under MediaCorp.
In the United States and Canada, an attending physician (also  known as a staff physician or supervising physician) is a physician (usually an M.D., or D.O. or D.P.M. in the United States) who has completed residency and practices medicine in a clinic or hospital, in the specialty learned during residency.[1] An attending physician typically supervises[2] fellows, residents, and medical students. Attending physicians may also maintain professorships at an affiliated medical school.[2] This is common if the supervision of trainees is a significant part of the physician's work. Attending physicians have final responsibility, legally and otherwise, for patient care, even when many of the minute-to-minute decisions are being made by house officers (residents) or non-physician health-care providers (i.e. physician assistants and nurse practitioners).[3] Attending physicians are sometimes the 'rendering physician' listed on the patient's official medical record, but if they are overseeing a resident or another staff member, they are 'supervising.'

Brian Smith (born 3 January 1939 in Wellington)[1] is a New Zealand jazz saxophonist and flautist.
The canton of Villersexel is an administrative division of the Haute-Saône department, northeastern France. Its borders were modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Villersexel.[1]
Stewart Mead is an American actor and former airline pilot who has been performing for over 35 years in film, television, and theater.
Lucius Volusius Saturninus was a Suffect consul and Augur who lived in the Roman Empire in the second half of the 1st century and possibly in the first half of the 2nd century. He is known only through inscriptions.[1] Saturninus was the grandson of Lucius Volusius Saturninus, consul in 87; the name of his father, which is nowhere attested, is thought to have been Lucius Volusius Torquatus.[2]
Gliese 693 is a red dwarf star and a flare star of spectral type M2 located in the constellation Pavo, 18.95 light-years from Earth.[3]
Phantoms of the High Seas is the tenth album by dark ambient duo Nox Arcana. The theme of the album is pirate lore and stories of ghost ships. Instrumentation includes deep bass horns, pounding drums, string instruments, and narration by Joseph Vargo telling the tale of a doomed pirate vessel called The Tempest. The instrumentals are accompanied by sound effects that include a howling wind and the snap of sails, the sound of creaking as of a wooden boat left derelict at sea, an eerie yet alluring chorus like that of a siren calling sailors to their doom, male voices of the ship's crew as they call out to the beat of a dirge while rowing, and thunderous sounds of cannon fire.[4]
The Army of the Rhine (French: Armée du Rhin) was a French military unit that fought in the Franco-Prussian War. It was created after the declaration of war on July 18 1870.
Makoto Kano (加納 誠, Kano Makoto, born October 16, 1966) is a Japanese former figure skater. He is the 1986 Asian Winter Games champion, the 1989 Winter Universiade champion, and a two-time Japanese national champion. He placed 17th at the 1988 Winter Olympics.[1]
Hayashi Razan (林 羅山, 1583 – March 7, 1657), also known as Hayashi Dōshun,[1] was a Japanese Neo-Confucian philosopher and writer, serving as a tutor and an advisor to the first four shōguns of the Tokugawa bakufu.  He is also attributed with first listing the Three Views of Japan. Razan was the founder of the Hayashi clan of Confucian scholars.
Gornja Stražava is a village in the municipality of Prokuplje, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 768 people.[1]
Hakaniemi metro station (Finnish: Hakaniemen metroasema, Swedish: Hagnäs metrostation) is a station on the Helsinki Metro.[2] It serves the central Helsinki districts of Hakaniemi and Kallio. Both lines M1 and M2 serve Hakaniemi. There are 28 bicycle parking spaces at the station.[3]
William Grigsby McCormick (June 3, 1851 – November 29, 1941) was an American businessman of the influential McCormick family in Chicago, who was a co-founder of Kappa Sigma Fraternity. He also served as a Chicago alderman.
The 1984 USFL Draft was the second collegiate draft of the United States Football League (USFL). It took place on January 4, 1984, at The Roosevelt Hotel in New York. The new six expansion teams were given the first six selections, followed by the established teams' picks, then followed by six additional selections by the expansion teams. In the even numbered rounds, the established teams chose first, followed by the expansion teams.
Mark F. Green (born 1953) is an American lawyer from Oklahoma who served as the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma, having served in that position from September 29, 2010, when he was appointed by President Barack Obama, until he was dismissed on March 10, 2017, by President Donald Trump.
Johnnie Morris (June 15, 1887 – October 7, 1969) was an American actor and comedian who began his career in Vaudeville and then worked in the movies.
The Public News Agency of Ecuador and South America (Andes) (Spanish: Agencia Pública de Noticias del Ecuador y Suramérica (ANDES)) is the official digital information service of the Ecuadorian State. Andes is a public media organisation which provides regional and national news coverage, as well as general information on Latin America. The agency also provides multimedia services including an image bank.
Aoi Teshima (手嶌葵, Teshima Aoi, born June 21, 1987)[1] is a Japanese singer and voice actress from Kasuga, Fukuoka.[2] She is known for singing and acting in several Goro Miyazaki movies including Tales from Earthsea and From up on Poppy Hill.
Farrokhabad (Persian: فرخ اباد, also Romanized as Farrokhābād)[1] is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 112, in 31 families.[2]
The second USS Ripple (ID-2439) was a United States Navy trawler which served as a minesweeper and was in commission from 1918 to 1919.
General Karl Hilmer Lennart Ljung (13 March 1921 – 19 November 1990) was a Swedish Army officer who served as Supreme Commander of the Swedish Armed Forces from 1978 to 1986. During Ljung's eight years as Supreme Commander many events of importance for Swedish security and defense policy occurred. Sweden had five different governments under four prime ministers from different political sides. Prime Minister Olof Palme was assassinated, the submarine incidents culminated with the Soviet submarine U 137 running aground in Karlskrona and the decision of developing a new fighter aircraft came through.[1]

Ying Hung is a Taiwanese-American statistician whose research centers on computer experiments, the use of the design of experiments to plan scientific and engineering simulations, and includes work on kriging, metamodeling, and the use of computer optimization techniques in the design of experiments.  She is a professor of statistics at Rutgers University.
Samaritan is a novel by Richard Price, first published in 2003. It tells the story of a wealthy screenwriter who returns to his impoverished neighborhood in Dempsey, New Jersey, where he begins to help others. His motivations and their ramifications are explored. Throughout the novel, various characters help others, with each good deed having different repercussions.
The PRSL PlayOffs Cup is the annual championship tournament of the Puerto Rico Soccer League.[1] The winner gets an automatic bid to CFU Club Championship.

Miya Turnbull is an artist based in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.[1] She is of Japanese and Canadian ancestry and uses this to explore her identity in her work.[2] Her work consists of photography, video, projection, and masks. Miya has had several installations around Canada and internationally. Miya's mask work has been inspired by quotes from Joseph Campbell and Andre Berthiaume.
Blacks have been participating in American college basketball for over a century.
Pastwiska [pastˈfʲiska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Iłża, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of Iłża, 32 km (20 mi) south of Radom, and 123 km (76 mi) south of Warsaw.
William Scott Day (October 21, 1951 – February 4, 2006) was an American prison escapee and later spree killer who killed at least six people in five states during his 39 days on the run between December 1986 and January 1987. He was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment on one count in Tennessee, and the other charges were dropped altogether.[1]
SM U-92 was one of 329 submarines serving in the Imperial German Navy in World War I. She was engaged in the commerce warfare in the First Battle of the Atlantic.
The 2013–14 Liga Națională was the 56th season of Romanian Women's Handball League, the top-level women's professional handball league. The league comprises twelve teams. Oltchim Râmnicu Vâlcea were the defending champions, for the seventh season in a row, but the team was dissolved during the summer of 2013.
David S. Frankel (born 1950) is an American Information Technology expert and consultant, known for his work on model-driven engineering[1][2] and semantic information modeling.[3][4]
Karel Klostermann (German: Karl Klostermann; 13 February 1848 – 17 July 1923) was a Czech-German writer. He wrote under the alias Faustin.[1]
Under the Dragon's Tail is a 2005 made-for-TV film starring Peter Outerbridge, Matthew MacFadzean, Hélène Joy, and Flora Montgomery. It was adapted by Janet MacLean from the novel by Maureen Jennings of the same name.[2]
FK Slovan Duslo Šaľa, the Slovak football club, also has a women's football team.
Tiirloo is an island belonging to the country of Estonia.
101 Strings Orchestra was a brand for a highly successful easy listening symphonic music organization, with a discography exceeding 150 albums and a creative lifetime of around 30 years beginning in 1957. 101 Strings had a trademark sound, focusing on melody with a laid-back ambiance most often featuring strings.[1] ItsLPs were individualized by the slogan "The Sound of Magnificence", a puffy cloud logo and sepia-toned photo of the orchestra.[2] The 101 Strings orchestra included 124 string instruments, and was conducted by Wilhelm Stephan. The orchestra's famous official photograph was taken in the Musikhalle Hamburg.[3]
Felip Vall i Verdaguer (26 May 1916 in Tona, Catalonia (Spain) – 5 August 2012 in Vic) was a Spanish painter, decorator and designer who specialized in murals.[1]
Aleksei Lvovich Nikolayev (Russian: Алексей Львович Николаев; born 12 January 1985) is a Russian former professional football player.
A terziere (plural: terzieri) is a subdivision of several towns in Italy. The word derives from terzo (‘third’) and is thus used only for towns divided into three neighborhoods. Terzieri are most commonly met with in Umbria, as for example at Trevi, Spello, Narni and Città della Pieve; towns divided into terzieri in other regions include  Lucca in Tuscany, Ancona and Macerata in the Marches. The medieval Lordship of Negroponte, in the island of Euboea, was also divided into three distinct rulerships, which were known as terzieri.
Croatia selected their Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2014 entry through an internal selection. On 2 October 2014 it was revealed that Josephine Zec would represent Croatia in the contest with the song "Game Over".[1]
Babe's & Ricky's Inn is a documentary film directed by Ramin Niami about the famed blues club, Babe's & Rickey's Inn. The film premiered April 5, 2013 at Laemmle Monica in Santa Monica, California.[1][2][3][4]
Swedish brand Craft of Scandinavia is a producer of functional sports apparel. The company is based in Borås, an old and traditional textile industry town in the South of Sweden.
In Greek mythology, Ioke (/aɪˈoʊkiː/; Ancient Greek: Ἰωκή) is the female personification of onslaught, battle-tumult, and pursuit. In the Iliad, she is one of the daimones, or spirits, of Zeus's aegis. The other daimones are Phobos, Eris, and Alke.[1]
The Swinging Barmaids is a 1975 American exploitation film about a serial killer who targets cocktail waitresses. The film was directed by Gus Trikonis, and stars Bruce Watson, Laura Hippe, William Smith, and Dyanne Thorne.
Christian IV, Count Palatine of Zweibrücken-Birkenfeld (6 September 1722 in Bischweiler – 5 November 1775 in Herschweiler-Pettersheim) was Duke of Zweibrücken from 1735 to 1775.
The Whistler Film Festival Documentary Award is an annual juried award, given by the Whistler Film Festival to the film selected as the year's best documentary film in the festival program.
Khlong Chorakhe Sam Phan (Thai: คลองจระเข้สามพัน or คลองจรเข้สามพัน, pronounced [kʰlɔ̄ːŋ t͡ɕɔ̄ː.rā.kʰêː sǎːm pʰān]), also called Maenam Chorakhe Sam Phan or Lam Chorakhe Sam Phan,  is a watercourse in the provinces of Kanchanaburi and Suphan Buri, Thailand. It is a tributary of the Tha Chin River.
The year 2008 is the 1st year in the history of Jewels, a mixed martial arts promotion based in Japan. In 2008 Jewels held 1 event, Jewels 1st Ring.
"Tsunami" is a song by Italian singer Annalisa. It was written by Annalisa, Davide Simonetta and Alessandro Raina, and produced by Simonetta.[1]
Shanghai Port FC (Chinese: 上海海港足球俱乐部; pinyin: Shànghǎi Hǎigǎng), previously named Shanghai SIPG, is a professional football club that participates in the Chinese Super League under licence from the Chinese Football Association (CFA). The team is based in Pudong, Shanghai, and their home stadium is the Pudong Football Stadium, which has a seating capacity of 37,000. Their owners are the Chinese group Shanghai International Port Group (SIPG).
Georges Bortoli (June 28, 1923 - July 13, 2010) was a French journalist and author.[1]
Beaucoup is an unincorporated community in Beaucoup Township, Washington County, Illinois, United States. Beaucoup is located along the Evansville Western Railway near Illinois Route 15, 4.8 miles (7.7 km) east of Nashville.[2] On October 12, 1948, Thomas E. Dewey gave a speech to a crowd of 1,000 during his presidential campaign.[3]
The 99th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Lancaster County. David H. Zimmerman has been the representative of this district since 2015. It includes the following areas:[1]
Grassy Park is a suburb of the City of Cape Town in the Western Cape Province of South Africa.
The Albanian-Epirote War of 1359 was an invasion waged by Albanians led by John Spata and Peter Losha against Nikephoros II Orsini, who at that time was the Ruler of Epirus.[1] During the period of 1358–59, Albanian clans successfully overpowered the local feudal rulers and subsequently formed their own authority led by John Spata and Peter Losha.[1]
Liu Heita (Chinese: 劉黑闥) (died 623) was an agrarian rebel leader during China's transition period from the Sui Dynasty to the Tang Dynasty, who initially successively served under Hao Xiaode (郝孝德), Li Mi, and Wang Shichong. He eventually followed Dou Jiande the Prince of Xia. After Dou was killed by Emperor Gaozu of Tang in 621 and his territory was taken by Tang, Liu rose to avenge Dou, and briefly recaptured Dou's territory, north of the Yellow River. 
Anano River (穴の川, Ana-no-kawa) is a river located in the Minami-ku Ishiyama area of southern Sapporo in Hokkaidō, Japan.[1] It is a tributary of the Toyohira River[2] and classified as class A river.[3] It is 9.4 km long and has a catchment area of 8.9 km2.[4]
Shailyn Pierre-Dixon (born June 1, 2003) is a Canadian actress.[1] She is best known for her role as the young Aminata in the television miniseries The Book of Negroes, for which she won the Canadian Screen Award for Best Supporting Actress in a Drama Series  in 2016.[2] She has also appeared in the films The Best Man Holiday, Suicide Squad[3] and Jean of the Joneses, and she plays the character Frances in the television series Between.
The Abbey of Frassinoro was one of the many Benedictine monasteries throughout Europe associated with the noblewoman Matilda of Tuscany, who reigned over the Badia lands near Frassinoro. This abbey was located in Frassinoro, in the Apennines in the province of Modena, on the border with Reggio Emilia.
GTP cyclohydrolases are enzymes that catalyze imidazole ring opening of guanosine triphosphate (GTP).[1] This reaction is the committed step in the biosynthesis of multiple coenzymes (such as riboflavin and folate), tRNA bases, and the phytotoxin toxoflavin.[1] Several GTP cyclohydrolases exist, which sometimes synthesize different products for different pruposes:
The United Nations General Assembly declared 2009 as the International Year of Natural Fibres (IYNF), as well as the International Year of Astronomy.[1]
The Codex Corbeiensis II, designated by ff2 or 8 (in the Beuron system), is a 5th-century Latin Gospel Book. The text, written on vellum, is a version of the old Latin. The manuscript contains 190 parchment folio with the text of the four Gospels with lacunae (Matt 1:1-11:16; Luke 9:48; 10:20.21; 11:45-12:6.7; John 17:15-18:9; 20:22-21:8).[1] Written in a beautiful round uncial hand.[2]
August Kohver (also known as August Koffer; 1 January 1889 – 19 August 1942) was an Estonian agronomist and politician.

In mathematics, a versor is a quaternion of norm one (a unit quaternion). The word is derived from Latin versari = "to turn" with the suffix -or forming a noun from the verb (i.e. versor = "the turner"). It was introduced by William Rowan Hamilton in the context of his quaternion theory.
Kaunas State Puppet Theatre (Lithuanian: Kauno valstybinis lėlių  teatras) is a puppet theatre in Kaunas, Lithuania. The professional theatre was established in 1958. Each theatrical season it offers to the spectators twenty puppet performances, and 4–5 new plays are usually staged. There are two halls for spectators – 226 and 50 seats each in the theatre. Small museum of puppets characters  is set at the premises of the theatre. The theatre performed plays in festivals of many foreign countries.
In quantum mechanics, the principal quantum number (symbolized n) is one of four quantum numbers assigned to each electron in an atom to describe that electron's state. Its values are natural numbers (from 1) making it a discrete variable.
Suzana Sousa (born in Luanda in 1981)[1] is an Angolan independent curator, producer, cultural manager, and researcher.
She was Director of the Exchange Office of the Ministry of Culture of Angola.[2] She has curated exhibitions at the Jewish Museum in New York, the Natural History Museum in Luanda, the Berardo Museum in Lisbon, the Almeida Garrett Municipal Gallery in Porto,[3] and the Musée d'Art Moderne de Paris.[4]
Constantine Palaiologos or Palaeologus (Greek: Κωνσταντῖνος Παλαιολόγος, romanized: Kōnstantinos Palaiologos; died 1508) was a 16th-century noble of Greek descent who served as a soldier in Italy. By the time of his death in 1508,[1] he served the Papal States, having risen through the ranks to become the commander of the Papal Guard.[2]
Mysteries at the Castle (formerly Castle Secrets & Legends) is an American reality television series that premiered on January 19, 2014, on the Travel Channel. The series features the secrets and legends "behind the gates and walls" of castles, mansions and manor houses around the world. The first-season episodes aired on Sundays at 10:00pm, while the second and third-season episodes were moved to Fridays at 9:00pm EST. It was then moved to Thursdays at 9:00pm EST in the middle of the third season.
The 1932 International cricket season was from April 1932 to August 1932.[1][2]
Azizabad (Persian: عزيزاباد, also Romanized as ‘Azīzābād)[1] is a village in Rezvaniyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Tiran and Karvan County, Isfahan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 542, in 168 families.[2]
Victor Dominicis is a New York punk rock guitarist known for the bands Nausea and for playing bass guitar in Reagan Youth.[1] He is notable for being a pioneer in the American crust punk style blending punk and heavy metal. His influence can be seen in countless metal and punk bands that have followed. He currently plays lead guitar in the New York-based surf/instrumental group The Coffin Daggers.
Pentafluorothiophenol is an organosulfur compound with the formula C6F5SH.  It is a colorless volatile liquid.  The compound is prepared by the reaction of sodium hydrosulfide and hexafluorobenzene.[1]  With a pKa of 2.68, it is one of the most acidic thiols.[2]  Its conjugate base has been used as a ligand in coordination chemistry[3]
Oleg Leonidovich Kosarev (born March 11, 1966), known as The Elevator Man, is a Soviet- Russian serial rapist, pedophile and robber. He has been sentenced to long terms of imprisonment, the last one being in 2012. According to his own claims, during his criminal career he committed at least 140 rapes, of which more than 40 were proven in court.[1]
Norwegian county road 412 (Fv412) is a Norwegian county road in Åmli municipality in Agder county, Norway.  The 4.59-kilometre (2.9 mi) long road runs between the Norwegian County Road 415 at the village of Hovde and Nelaug Station in the village of Nelaug.[1]
Kapteeni Ä-ni were a Finnish musical group who played reggae, dub and hip hop music. The band's members were Jukka Poika (vocals), Antti Nopsajalka (vocals and rhythms) and Bommitommi (producer and mixer). They were active from 2000 to 2003. Their single "Tiettyä tunnelmaa" was a #6 hit in Finland in 2002.[1]
A powder snow avalanche is a type of avalanche where snow grains are largely or completely suspended and moved by air in a state of fluid turbulence. They are particle-laden gravity currents[1] and closely related to turbidity currents, pyroclastic flows from volcanoes and dust storms in the desert. The turbulence is typically generated by the forward motion of the current along the lower boundary of the domain, the motion being in turn driven by the action of gravity on the density difference between the particle-fluid mixture and the ambient fluid. The ambient fluid is generally of similar composition to (and miscible with) the interstitial fluid, and is water for turbidity currents and air for avalanches. These flows are non-conservative in that they may exchange particles at the lower boundary by deposition or  suspension, and may exchange fluid with the ambient by entrainment or detrainment. Such flows dissipate when the turbulence can no longer hold the particles in suspension and they are deposited on the lower boundary. When the turbulence is strong enough to suspend new material from the bed or the underlying dense flow then current is said to be auto-suspending.[2][3] Particle concentrations in the suspension cloud are usually sufficiently low (0.1-7% by volume) that particle-particle interactions play a small or negligible role in maintaining the suspension.[4] In powder snow avalanches, even at these low concentrations, the extra density of the suspended particles is large relative to that of air, so the Boussinesq approximation, where density differences are considered negligible in inertia terms, is invalid, so that the snow grains carry most of the flows momentum. This is in contrast to turbidity currents and laboratory experiments in water where the extra inertia of the particles can usually be neglected. Nonetheless, due to the extreme difficulty in estimating particle concentrations in natural flows there remains considerable uncertainty—and debate—concerning the particle loading in large submarine turbidity currents and the validity of the Boussinesq approximation.
Hugh Gregg
Republican
Bob chorba (Bulgarian: боб чорба; lit. "bean soup") is a chorba, a Bulgarian soup.[1] It is made from dry beans, onions, tomatoes, chubritza or dzhodzhen (spearmint) and carrots.[1][2]
Timothy March (born April 28, 1987) is a Canadian curler from Scarborough, Ontario.[2] He currently plays lead on Team Glenn Howard.
Tōkyōdō Shoten (東京堂書店) is a Japanese retail book store chain founded in 1891 as Tōkyōdō, a book publishing company. After World War II, the company branched out into retail book sales and Tōkyōdō split into two companies: Tōkyōdō Shoten, which continued with the retail book sales part of the business, and Tōkyōdō Publishing, which continued the publishing side of the business.
Brazil is a major producer of oranges,[1] which were introduced to Brazil by the Portuguese around 1530.[2]
Rup Lal is an Indian molecular biologist known for his work in molecular biology, genomics, metagenomics and taxonomy of microbial diversity inhabiting extreme niches. His research has led to the development of novel analogue of rifamycin,[1] identification and functional characterization of  microbial communities at Manikaran hotsprings[2][3] and deciphering the role of microbes in degradation of  Hexacholorocyclohexane (HCH) at a polluted dumpsite located at Ummari village, Lucknow, India.[4][5]  He has over 35 years of strong and longstanding experience in administration, teaching and research in various capacities at University of Delhi, India. Presently, he is NASI Senior Scientist Platinum Jubilee fellow[6] at The Energy and Resources Institute (TERI), Delhi.
Kevin Kiernan is an American scholar of Anglo-Saxon literature. Kiernan is the editor of the Electronic Beowulf and an acknowledged expert on the Beowulf manuscript. Kiernan is the T. Marshall Hahn Sr. Professor of Arts and Sciences Emeritus at the University of Kentucky. He was inducted into the University of Kentucky College of Arts and Sciences Hall of Fame in 2015.[1]
Bugs vs. Daffy: Battle of the Music Video Stars is a 1988 animated television special broadcast on CBS on October 21, 1988.[1] The story revolves around two competing television stations that show music videos from classic Looney Tunes shorts. The stations are hosted by Bugs Bunny (WABBIT) and Daffy Duck (KPUT).[2] This special aired after This Is America, Charlie Brown: The Mayflower Voyagers.
Phantasia is a role-playing game published by Bantam/Spectra in 1988.
Robert Charles Joseph Edward Sabatini Guccione (/ɡuːˈtʃoʊni/ goo-CHI-oh-nee;[a] December 17, 1930 – October 20, 2010) was an American photographer and publisher. He founded the adult magazine Penthouse in 1965. This was aimed at competing with Hugh Hefner's Playboy, but with more explicit erotic content, a special style of soft-focus photography, and in-depth reporting of government corruption scandals and the art world. By 1982 Guccione was listed in the Forbes 400 wealth list, and owned one of the biggest mansions in Manhattan. However, he made some extravagant investments that failed, and the growth of free online pornography in the 1990s greatly diminished his market. In 2003, Guccione's publishers filed for bankruptcy and he resigned as chairman.
Garbo Laughs is a 2003 Canadian novel by Elizabeth Hay. Set in Ottawa the novel focuses on Harriet Browning, a writer in her 40s who is obsessed with movies, and a group of her friends and neighbours who live in Old Ottawa South. The title references the 1939 American film Ninotchka which starred Greta Garbo as the titular character and used the phrase "Garbo Laughs" in promotional materials.
New Fairfield is an unincorporated community in Fairfield Township, Franklin County, Indiana.
The Alash National Freedom Party (Kazakh: Алаш ұлттық бостандық партиясы, romanized: Alaş ūlttyq bostandyq partiyasy) or simply Alash is an unregistered political party in Kazakhstan, stated as national-patriotic party. The Alash party was founded in April 1990, led by dissident and formerly imprisoned poet Aron Atabek. The party derives its name from Alash (1917–1920) which was a constitutional democratic party that was responsible in formation of the Alash Autonomy.[1] Since 1991, the Alash party declared the freedom of enterprise, freedom of religion and equality of nations. The party was registered on 26 December 1992. After holding its congress, the Alash party was renamed to Alash National Party on 29 May 1999. The party was re-registered on 11 August 1999 and participated in the 1999 Kazakh legislative election, winning no seats.[2]
John F. Huenergardt  (1875–1955) was one of the pioneers of the Southeastern-European Adventism, a Seventh-day Adventist minister, teacher, administrator.
Counterfeit Lake is a circular, natural freshwater lake in Highlands County, Florida.  Much of the time, the lake is more of a swamp, rather than a lake.  It is about 0.2 miles (0.32 km) north of the south branch of Lake Letta Road, which itself is just north of Florida State Highway 17 and Lake Letta.  Counterfeit Lake is 0.25 miles (0.40 km) south of the north branch of Lake Letta Road.  Griffin Grove Road, which looks more like a private grove road than a public road, reaches the north shore of the lake.  Counterfeit Lake is completely surrounded by citrus groves and cannot be seen from either branch of Lake Letta Road.  This lake has a 18-acre (73,000 m2) surface area.[1]
"Season Finale" is the sixth episode of the twenty-third season of the American animated television series South Park. Despite its name, it is not an actual season finale. The 303rd episode overall of the series, it premiered on Comedy Central in the United States on November 6, 2019.[1] The episode parodies Donald Trump’s use of victimization tactics, as well as media censorship in China, ICE detention centers and the 2019 film Joker, continuing from previous episodes in the season.[2]
Yeritsyan (Armenian: Երիցյան) is an Armenian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Jon Samuel Dellandrea, CM (born October 8, 1949) is a Canadian author and art historian, and a former hospital foundation executive and university executive and educator. He is a senior fellow at Massey College, chair emeritus of the Art Canada Institute, and a Member of the Order of Canada.[1] The CEO of the Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre Foundation in Toronto from 2012 to 2021,[2] Dellandrea has formerly held the positions of pro-vice-chancellor (development and external affairs) at the University of Oxford, and vice president of advancement at the University of Toronto, and was chancellor of Nipissing University from 2006 to 2012.[3]
An advertising board, or A-board, is usually a term reserved for the advertising hoardings seen at association football matches, although there are other more general forms such as billboards and posters.
Jiřetín pod Bukovou (until 1950 Jiřetín; German: Georgenthal) is a municipality and village in Jablonec nad Nisou District in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 500 inhabitants.
Piława [piˈwava] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mietków, within Wrocław County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Mietków and 27 km (17 mi) south-west of the regional capital Wrocław.
Byron Black and Jonathan Stark were the defending champions but did not compete that year.
Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast is a fantasy novel by American writer Leonard Carpenter featuring Robert E. Howard's sword and sorcery hero Conan the Barbarian. It was first published in paperback by Tor Books in April 1994.[1]
A Loss for Words (formerly Last Ride) was an American pop punk band[1] from Abington, Massachusetts.[2]
Cathy Grier is an American musician.
In organometallic chemistry, a transition metal alkene complex is a coordination compound containing one or more alkene ligands. The inventory is large.[1]   Such compounds are intermediates in many catalytic reactions that convert alkenes to other organic products.[2]
"Distance～君とのキョリ"[2] is South Korean boy band SS501's second Japanese maxi single.[1] It was released barely a month after their successful first single, Kokoro.[3]
Thonne-le-Thil (French pronunciation: ​[tɔn lə til]) is a commune in the Meuse department in Grand Est in north-eastern France. The population steadily declined since a peak of nearly one thousand in the mid-1800s, being about 250 inhabitants in 2019.
Bishop Mijo Gorski (born 17 September 1952) is a Croatian Roman Catholic prelate who currently serves as a Titular Bishop of Epidaurum and an Auxiliary Bishop of Archdiocese of Zagreb since 3 May 2010.
A gnat (/ˈnæt/) is any of many species of tiny flying insects in the dipterid suborder Nematocera, especially those in the families Mycetophilidae, Anisopodidae and Sciaridae.[1] They can be both biting and non-biting. Most often they fly in large numbers, called clouds. "Gnat" is a loose descriptive category rather than a phylogenetic or other technical term, so there is no scientific consensus on what constitutes a gnat. Some entomologists consider only non-biting flies to be gnats.[1] Certain universities and institutes also distinguish eye gnats: the Smithsonian Institution describes them as "non-biting flies, no bigger than a few grains of salt, ... attracted to fluids secreted by your eyes".[2]
Ofira (Hebrew: אופירה), (Arabic: عوفيرا) is an Egyptian neighborhood that was previously an Israeli settlement in the Sharm el-Sheikh area of the southern Sinai Peninsula, an Egyptian territory that was under Israeli occupation from 1967 to 1982.[1] Ofira was settled from 1969 and was meant to accommodate 500 families. An airfield was opened in 1976, today known as Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport.[citation needed]
Crocker-McMillin Mansion-Immaculate Conception Seminary is a historic seminary in Mahwah, Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. The Immaculate Conception Seminary was founded in 1861 as part of Seton Hall University. From 1927 to 1984 the seminary was located in the Crocker-McMillin Mansion. It is now again part of Seton Hall University.[2][3]
"Oishii Kisetsu" (おいしい季節, "The Tasty Season") (also known by its English title "The Creamy Season") is one of the two songs that made up the fourth single by Japanese entertainer Chiaki Kuriyama, along with "Ketteiteki Sanpunkan". They were released on March 2, 2011, as the lead singles from her debut album Circus, released two weeks later. Both songs were produced by musician Ringo Sheena.[1]
He Haoju (Chinese: 何郝炬; pinyin: Hé Hǎojù; May 1922[1] – 20 January 2023) was a Chinese politician who served as chairman of Sichuan Provincial People's Congress from 1985 to 1993. He was a delegate to the 6th, 7th, and 8th National People's Congress.
Sonia Guadalupe Zepeda Cortéz (born 26 January 1981) is a Salvadoran chess player. Zepeda was taught to play chess by her father Rafael Zepeda (peak Elo rating 2069). Her younger sister Lorena Zepeda is also a chess player. Sonia Zepeda was trained by International Master Héctor Leyva [de].[1]
The novel Les Mystères de Marseille by Émile Zola appeared as a serialized story in Le Messager de Provence in 1867, while Zola was writing Thérèse Raquin. As a work of his youth, it was thus also a commissioned work on which Zola cut his teeth. In it, he himself saw the amount of will and work that he had to expend to elevate himself to the literary effort of the Rougon – Macquart novels.
The John Sweet Donald Farmstead is a historic farm in Springdale, Wisconsin with surviving structures built as early as 1858. It is significant as the home and testing grounds of John Sweet Donald, a farmer, statesman, and educator of the Progressive Era.[2]
The 2019–20 Liga IV Brașov was the 52nd season of the Liga IV Brașov, the fourth tier of the Romanian football league system. The season began on 24 August 2019[1][2] and was ended officially on 18 June 2020, due to 2019–20 COVID-19 pandemic. 
Homen Township is a civil township in Bottineau County in the U.S. state of North Dakota. As of the 2010 census, its population was 118.[1]
Yarınsız Adam is a Turkish political film by Remzi Aydın Jöntürk, the first in his trilogy. It was succeeded by Satılmış Adam (Sold Man) and Yıkılmayan Adam (Indestructible Man), both filmed in 1977. The film is about the story of Murat, portrayed by Cüneyt Arkın. Murat helps his friend, Kemal, when they are escaping from the police because they steal to survive. This help costs Murat badly and he is sent to prison. During the runtime of the film, viewers see the world from the eyes of a criminal, who lived his childhood in poverty, and understand the gap between the rich and poor in Turkey.
The Bridge of Masegoso (Spanish: Puente de Masegoso) is a Roman bridge located in Pozalmuro, Spain. It was declared Bien de Interés Cultural in 2001.[citation needed]
Antonio Campos Alum (July 16, 1919 – February 14, 2012) was a Paraguayan politician and head of the National Directorate of Technical Affairs (Dirección Nacional de Asuntos Técnicos, DNAT), a law enforcement agency during the dictatorship of Alfredo Stroessner.
Joint Operations Command (Serbian: Здружена оперативна команда, romanized: Združena operativna komanda) is an organizational unit of the Serbian General Staff which conducts operational command of the Serbian Armed Forces. 
The Wujia River (Chinese: 乌加河, 五加河) is a river in the Inner Mongolia[5] of the People's Republic of China,[6] located in the northern part of the river-loop plain in western Inner Mongolia. The ancient Yellow River in the Hetao region[7] is the current Wujia River. [8] According to Commentary on the Water Classic records, the Wujia River that flows north from Bayangol Town (巴彦高勒镇) was originally the main stem of the Yellow River.[9] "Wujia River" means "One End of the River" (河的一端) or "Tip River" (尖河) in Mongolian.[10]
Ball Stream (77°26′S 163°43′E﻿ / ﻿77.433°S 163.717°E﻿ / -77.433; 163.717) is a meltwater stream 2 nautical miles (4 km) west of Marble Point on the coast of Victoria Land. It issues from the front of Wilson Piedmont Glacier and flows northeast to Surko Stream just west of where the latter enters Arnold Cove. The stream was studied by Robert L. Nichols, a geologist for Metcalf and Eddy, Engineers, Boston, MA, who made engineering studies here under contract to the U.S. Navy in the 1957–58 season, and was named by Nichols for Donald G. Ball, a soil physicist with Metcalf and Eddy.[1]
Ernest Luther "Bonnie" Bonin (January 13, 1888 – January 3, 1966) was a Major League Baseball right fielder who played with the St. Louis Browns in 1913 and the Buffalo Buffeds in 1914.
The 1918–19 season was the first season played by the team as the Sphas (they competed the previous year as Philadelphia YMHA), and the team's second season in the minor-league American League of Philadelphia. Game-by-game records not available for this season.[1]
The Gov. Charles C. Stratton House, also known as Stratton Hall or Stratton Mansion, is located at 538 Kings Highway, near Swedesboro, in Woolwich Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. The house was built c. 1794 and documented by the Historic American Buildings Survey (HABS) in 1936.[3] It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 29, 1973, for its significance in architecture and politics.[4] The house was the home of New Jersey Governor Charles C. Stratton.
Katrin Nyman-Metcalf (born 7 May 1963) is an Estonian-Swedish legal scholar. From 1990 to 1992 she was the State Secretary of Estonia of the Estonian government-in-exile.[1]
She was born in Stockholm to Estonian-Swedish engineer Einar Nyman and Estonian textbook author and drawing teacher Edith Kotka-Nyman [et]. In 1987, she graduated from Uppsala University's Faculty of Law. She defended her doctoral thesis in 1999 also in Uppsala. She was the State Secretary of the Estonian government-in-exile from 1990 to 1992.[1]
Henry Eugene "Hank" Erwin Jr. (born April 2, 1949) is an American evangelical Christian. Erwin was a broadcaster and a former Republican State Senator from Alabama, representing the 14th District, from 2002 until 2010. He represented portions of Jefferson, Shelby, Bibb and Chilton counties.
At the 1994 Commonwealth Games, the athletics event were held in Victoria, BC, Canada, at the Centennial Stadium on the grounds of the University of Victoria. A total of 44 events were contested, of which 22 by male 19 by female athletes. Furthermore, 2 men's disability events were held within the programme.
The Town of Grand Lake is a statutory town located in Grand County, Colorado, United States.[1] The town population was 410 at the 2020 United States Census.[4]
Vermont Woods Studios (VWS) is a retailer of Vermont-manufactured wood furniture, established in 2005.[1][2] The company markets and sells products online and from a showroom in Vernon, Vermont.[3]
Temple Israel Cemetery, also known as Pleasant Hill Cemetery, is located at 6412 North 42 Street (42nd and Redick Avenue) in the North Omaha neighborhood of Omaha, Nebraska.[1][2]
Delticom AG is a listed company based in Hanover. It operates 140 online shops in 42 countries selling car and motor cycle tyres and a range of accessories to both private and corporate customers. Delticom is Europe's largest online tyre retailer with sales of over €500 million per year.[2]
Jennifer Elaine Smith (Jenn Smith) is a behavioral ecologist and evolutionary biologist. She is an Assistant Professor of Biology at University of Wisconsin, Eau Claire.[1] Previously, she was an Associate Professor and Chair of Biology at Mills College,[2] in Oakland, California, prior to its merger with Northeastern University. Her research focuses primarily on the social lives of mammals based on insights gained from long-term studies on marked individuals and comparative approaches.
The Council of Revision was, under the provisions of the Constitution of the State of New York of 1777, the legal body that revised all new legislation made by the New York State Legislature. It had the power to veto any legislation but its veto could be overridden by a two-thirds majority in each house of the legislature.  The council was abolished by the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1821.
Chlorphenoxamine (Phenoxene) is an antihistamine and anticholinergic used as an antipruritic[1] and antiparkinsonian[2] agent. It is an analog of diphenhydramine.[3]
The Cascade Loop Scenic Byway is a 440-mile-long (710 km) National Scenic Byway and Washington State Scenic and Recreational Highway encircling the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington. It follows eight different numbered highways:[1][2]
A self-organizing map (SOM) or self-organizing feature map (SOFM) is an unsupervised machine learning technique used to produce a low-dimensional (typically two-dimensional) representation of a higher dimensional data set while preserving the topological structure of the data. For example, a data set with 
observations could be represented as clusters of observations with similar values for the variables. These clusters then could be visualized as a two-dimensional "map" such that observations in proximal clusters have more similar values than observations in distal clusters. This can make high-dimensional data easier to visualize and analyze.
Defending champions Esther Vergeer and Sharon Walraven defeated Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot in the final, 7–5, 6–7(8–10), 6–4 to win the women's doubles wheelchair tennis title at the 2011 US Open. With the win, they completed the Grand Slam.
One on One is the soundtrack album to the movie of the same title, One on One starring Robby Benson.  The music was written entirely by Charles Fox, with lyrics by Paul Williams. Seals and Crofts provided the vocals.  The single "My Fair Share (Love Theme from One on One)" reached #11 AC and #28 Pop in autumn 1977. In Canada the single was #27 on the Pop charts,[1] #25 on the AC charts,[2] and was also #182 in the Canadian Top 200 of 1977.[3]
Oliver Benítez Paz (born 7 June 1991) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as a centre-back.
Molly Lilly Maria Nilsson (born 14 December 1984)[1] is a Swedish singer-songwriter and musician. She is the owner of an independent record label, Dark Skies Association, founded in 2009. As of 2004, Nilsson resides in Berlin.[1]
Dungeons & Dragons: Dragonshard is a real-time strategy role-playing video game, developed for Microsoft Windows by Liquid Entertainment, and published by Atari in September 2005. It takes place in Eberron, one of the official Dungeons & Dragons campaign settings. The game combines elements of traditional real-time strategy gameplay with role-playing elements such as hero units, and questing. Dragonshard includes two single-player campaigns, single-player skirmish maps, and multiplayer support. The single-player campaign follows the struggles of three competing factions to gain control of a magical artifact known as the Heart of Siberys.
Stanislav Tyulenev (Ukrainian: Станіслав Олександрович Тюленєв; born 2 January 1973) is a Kyrgyz former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper.[1][2][3]
Frank Andrew McCormick (June 9, 1911 – November 21, 1982) was an American baseball first baseman who played fifteen seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB). Nicknamed "Buck" in honor of Frank Buck,[1] he played for the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Braves from 1934 to 1948. He batted and threw right-handed and was listed at 6 feet 4 inches (1.93 m) and 205 pounds (93 kg).
Mohammad Delwar Hossain (1 April 1945 - 23 September 1981) was a lieutenant colonel in the Bangladesh Army who had served as a sub-sector commander in sector 6 during the Bangladesh Liberation War.[1] He was subsequently executed for his alleged involvement in the assassination of president Ziaur Rahman in 1981.[2][3]
Anikó Nagy (born April 1, 1970, in Sajószentpéter)[1] is a former  Hungarian team handball player and Olympic medalist. She received a bronze medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.[2] She received a silver medal at
Sabz Gezi (Persian: سبزگزي, also Romanized as Sabz Gezī)[1] is a village in Jahadabad Rural District, in the Central District of Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 474, in 104 families.[2]
Boogeyman 3 is a 2008 American supernatural horror film directed by Gary Jones and starring Erin Cahill, Chuck Hittinger, and Mimi Michaels. It is the final installment of the Boogeyman film series, following Boogeyman and Boogeyman 2 and centers on a college sophomore, Sarah Morris, who tries to convince her dorm that the Boogeyman is real. Little does she know that the more she tells people of the existence of the Boogeyman, the evil supernatural force becomes stronger.
The House of Meyerhold (Russian: Дом Мейерхольда) is a historic building in Penza, Russia.  It currently houses a museum and theatre, the GBUK Centre of Theatrical Arts "Meyerhold's House" (Russian: ГБУК Центр театрального искусства «Дом Мейерхо́льда»).  
Christian values historically refers to values derived from the teachings of Jesus Christ. The term has various applications and meanings, and specific definitions can vary widely between denominations, geographical locations and different schools of thought. The terms Christian values and family values are often used as a euphemism for familialism by the Christian right.[1][2] Christian values also relate to the Christian identity in identity politics.
The Maharashtra State Commission for Women was established on January 25, 1993, under the Maharashtra Act, no. XV of 1993.[1] The Commission consists of Chairperson; six non-official members; a Member-Secretary and Director General of Police as Ex officio member. The Government has sanctioned staff strength of thirty-nine for the Commission.
Yes! is the fifth studio album by American singer-songwriter Jason Mraz. The album was released on July 11, 2014, Atlantic Records.[1] The album's lead single "Love Someone" was released on May 19, 2014.[2]
Kildare is a mixed residential/commercial neighbourhood in northeast Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.  It is named after Kildare in Ireland.[citation needed]
Tritent International Corp. v. Commonwealth of Kentucky, 467 F.3d 547 (6th Cir. 2006),[1] is a US antitrust law case decided by the Court of Appeals on the Sixth Circuit. The case is notable, inter alia, because it provides a summary of the difficult terms of the Tobacco Master Settlement Agreement.

Nils Collett Vogt (1864–1937) was a Norwegian poet.[1] Below is a list of his works, sorted chronologically by year of publication.
Funada Stone Age Site (船田石器時代遺跡, Funada sekki-jidai iseki) is the name for an archaeological site with the remnant of a late Jōmon period settlement located in the Nagabusa neighborhood of the city of Hachiōji, Tokyo in the Kantō region of Japan. It received protection as a National Historic Site in 1928.[1]
County routes in Sullivan County, New York, are maintained by the Sullivan County Division of Public Works and signed with the Manual on Uniform Traffic Control Devices-standard yellow-on-blue pentagon route marker. The county highway system comprises roughly 140 routes arranged across the county in groups of nine. For the most part, state routes in Sullivan County are county-maintained and co-signed with county routes. However, the converse is not true; that is, not all county routes overlap state routes for their entire length. Typically, each series consists of county routes along a single roadway, often overlapping with state highways in the process. The lowest numbered route in the system is County Route 11 (CR 11); the highest is CR 183C. Note that routes 160 through 169 do not conform to any style, and coincidentally the 170 through 179 series (with the exception of the spur designated 174A) follows the pre-expressway routing of New York State Route 17 (NY 17).



Several British merchant vessels have borne the name Tarleton, several of which were associated with the Tarleton family of Liverpool who for three generations engaged in the slave trade:[a]
Organ is a British independent magazine covering music, art and underculture. Based in London, the magazine was founded in 1986 as a handmade fanzine and has evolved many times over the years.  It has covered a variety of punk, alternative, rock, progressive, metal and experimental music as well as a wide range of contemporary art and visual artists.[1]
Gowharan District (Persian: بخش گوهران) is a district (bakhsh) in Bashagard County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 13,017, in 2,906 families.[1]  The District has one city Gowharan.  The District has one rural district (dehestan): Gowharan Rural District.
The Odžaklija church (Serbian: Оџаклија, Chimney church also known as the Old church, Стара црква) is an early 19th-century Serbian Orthodox church located in Leskovac, Serbia.
Startime is an anthology show of drama, comedy, and variety, and was one of the first American television shows broadcast in color. The program was aired Tuesday nights in the United States on the NBC network in the 1959–60 season.
The 2009 Challenger of Dallas was a professional tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was part of the 2009 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Dallas, United States, between 12 and 17 February 2010.
Armour & Company was an American company and was one of the five leading firms in the meat packing industry. It was founded in Chicago, in 1867, by the Armour brothers led by Philip Danforth Armour. By 1880, the company had become Chicago's most important business and had helped make Chicago and its Union Stock Yards the center of America's meatpacking industry. During the same period, its facility in Omaha, Nebraska, boomed, making the city's meatpacking industry the largest in the nation by 1959. In connection with its meatpacking operations, the company also ventured into pharmaceuticals (Armour Pharmaceuticals) and soap manufacturing, introducing Dial soap in 1948.
Shindigz is one of the United States' largest retailers of party supplies.
The map data is for year 2012 from the World Bank.[1] Numbers are in kWh per year.
Jászkarajenő is a village in Pest county, Hungary.
The first season of the drama television series created by Hubert Barrero Enemigo íntimo premiered on Telemundo on 21 February 2018, at 10.00 pm in the U.S., and concluded on 7 May 2018.[1][2] It consists of fifty-three episodes, each of approximately 45 minutes.
Merigi is a district (kecamatan) of Kepahiang Regency, Bengkulu, Indonesia.[1][2]
Antiplane shear or antiplane strain[1] is a special state of strain in a body.  This state of strain is achieved when the displacements in the body are zero in the plane of interest but nonzero in the direction perpendicular to the plane.  For small strains, the strain tensor under antiplane shear can be written as
Jafari Eady (born 1983), better known by his stage name Blak Jak, is an American rapper. His major label debut, Place Your Bets, was released in October 2006.


This is a list of notable individuals associated with the Pennsylvania State University, including graduates, former students, and professors.
Edward "Edwin" Fauver (May 7, 1875 – December 17, 1949) was an American football coach and college athletics administrator. In addition to his coaching duties, he was an athletic instructor at Columbia University and Wesleyan University.[2]
The Manitoba Health Research Council (MHRC), was a provincial agency based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada, that supported health sciences research through grants, awards and fellowships funded by Manitoba's provincial government.[1]  The MHRC reported to and advised the Ministry of Innovation, Energy and Mines.[2]
David Lee (born July 7) is an American angel investor. Lee is best known for his former role at angel investment firm SV Angel, where he was the managing partner for several years. Lee's departure from SV Angel in May 2015 was widely reported[1] and acrimonious, while investor and  SV Angel partner, Ron Conway told fund investors that "Lee had breached his trust."[2] Lee was named on Forbes Magazine's Midas list for the years 2014, and 2015.[3]
Sadeqabad (Persian: صادق اباد, also Romanized as Şādeqābād)[1] is a village in Pirsalman Rural District, in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 255, in 61 families.[2]
The Seventh Federal Electoral District of Coahuila (VII Distrito Electoral Federal de Coahuila) is one of the 300 Electoral Districts into which Mexico is divided for the purpose of elections to the federal Chamber of Deputies and one of seven such districts in the state of Coahuila.
Irving Starr (1905–1982) was an American film producer.[1] He worked for a number of studios including MGM, Universal Pictures and Columbia Pictures, generally employed on lower-budget films. Later in his career he also worked in television.
B. V. Covert and Company was a manufacturer of automobiles in Lockport, New York, from 1901 to 1907.[1]  The company started as a manufacturer of steam-powered cars, but later switched to gas-powered vehicles.[1]  Some Coverts were exported to England as Covert-Jacksons.[1]
Brian William Cook is a British film director, assistant director, producer and actor.[1][2][3]
Imielinek Drugi [imjɛˈlinɛk ˈdruɡi] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Nowe Ostrowy, within Kutno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1]
Odo III (or Eudes III; died 1148×49) was the bishop of Beauvais from 1144 until his death. Before becoming bishop, he was the Benedictine abbot of the monastery of Saint-Symphorien.
Shakiba Matin Hashemi is an Afghani politician who was elected to represent Kandahar Province in Afghanistan's Wolesi Jirga, the lower house of its National Legislature, in 2005.
Pool A (Santo Domingo) of the 2019 Fed Cup Americas Group II was one of three pools in the Americas Group II of the 2019 Fed Cup. Five teams competed in a round robin competition, with the top team winning advancement to Group I.
The Norway Pavilion is a Norwegian-themed pavilion that is part of the World Showcase, within Epcot at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida, United States. Its location is between the Mexico and China pavilions.
Dell is a town in Mississippi County, Arkansas, United States. The population was 194 at the 2020 census.[3]
XEIT-AM/XHIT-FM is an AM-FM combo radio station in Ciudad del Carmen, Campeche, Mexico, broadcasting on 1070 AM and 99.7 FM. It is operated by Organización Radio Carmen and carries the Exa FM pop format from MVS Radio and is owned 50 percent by members of the Boeta family and 50% by Grupo Radiorama.
The 2022 UAB Blazers football team represented the University of Alabama at Birmingham as a member of Conference USA (C-USA) during the 2022 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They were led by interim head coach Bryan Vincent, who was coaching his first season with the team. The Blazers played their home games at Protective Stadium in Birmingham, Alabama.
Messier 52 or M52, also known as NGC 7654, is an open cluster of stars in the highly northern constellation of Cassiopeia. It was discovered by Charles Messier on 1774.[3][a] It can be seen from Earth under a good night sky with binoculars. The brightness of the cluster is influenced by extinction, which is stronger in the southern half.[6] Its metallicity is somewhat below that of the Sun, and is estimated to be [Fe/H] = −0.05 ± 0.01.[7]
Annette Sergent (born 17 November 1962) is a French former long-distance runner. She represented her country three times at the Summer Olympics, but it was in cross country running that she had her greatest success. She became the first Frenchwoman to win a world title in the sport at the 1987 IAAF World Cross Country Championships and won for a second time in 1989. In addition to these victories, she made eleven appearances at the competition and placed third in both 1986 and 1988.
Dialogue – The Greens' Party (Hungarian: Párbeszéd – A Zöldek Pártja, prior to 2023 known as Dialogue for Hungary, Hungarian: Párbeszéd Magyarországért), in short Párbeszéd or  Párbeszéd – Zöldek, is a green political party in Hungary that was formed in February 2013 by eight MPs who left the Politics Can Be Different (LMP) party.
The National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases (NCIRD), formerly known as the National Immunization Program until April 2006, is charged with responsibility for the planning, coordination, and  conduct of immunization activities in the United States. NCIRD is a part of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, located in Atlanta, Georgia, and housed in the CDC's Coordinating Center for Infectious Diseases (CCID).  The National Center for Immunization provides consultation, training, statistical, promotional, educational, epidemiological, and technical services to assist state and local health departments across the US in planning, developing, contracting and implementing immunization programs.[3]
The Bellman joke is a type of simple joke cycle popular among Swedish schoolchildren, always including a person named Bellman as the main character. 
A muddy flood is produced by an accumulation of run-off over agricultural land. Sediments are picked up by the run-off and carried as suspended matter or bed-load. Muddy floods are typically  a hill-slope process, and should not be confused with mudflows produced by mass movements.
Añorbe is a town and municipality located in the autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain.
Katherine Chang (born May 3, 1995) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Rebecca Ahn in The Bling Ring (2013), Ellen Reeves in A Birder's Guide to Everything (2013), and Claire Connors in The Outcasts (2017).[1]
Rocco Verduci (3 August 1824, Caraffa del Bianco – 2 October 1847, Gerace) was an Italian revolutionary, and martyr of the Insurrection of 1847 in the Two Sicilies. 
The bidding process for UEFA Euro 2008 ended on 12 December 2002 when a joint bid from Austria and Switzerland was selected as the host.[1]
The 2000 season of the Belgian Football League (BFL) is the regular season played in the Belgium. The Izeghem Redskins won Belgian Bowl XIII against the Charleroi Cougars by a score of 28–0.
Chico Bento – Pavor Espaciar (Chuck Billy - Space Dread) is a 2013 Brazilian graphic novel written and illustrated by Gustavo Duarte based on the Chuck Billy 'n' Folks characters created by Maurício de Sousa. It is part of the Graphic MSP series of graphic novels based on Maurício de Sousa characters.[1]
Sidney Dillon Ripley (January 11, 1863 – February 24, 1905)[1] was an American insurance executive and prominent member of New York society during the Gilded Age.
Camp Misty Mount is located in Catoctin Mountain Park near Thurmont, Maryland.  The camp was built by the Works Progress Administration labor program in the development of what was then known as the Catoctin Mountain Recreational Development Area, and comprises 35 rustic log buildings including sleeping cabins, administrative buildings and lodges.  All were built between 1935 and 1938.  The buildings are a simplified version of the National Park Service Rustic style. Misty Mount is used as a public cabin-camping facility.[2]
Ju Ho-Jin (born January 1, 1981 ) is a South Korean footballer. Since 2008, he has played for Incheon United (formerly Jeonbuk Hyundai and Gwangju Sangmu).[1]
Cartridge number 1 in the official Philips line of games for the Philips Videopac contains three games: Race, Spin-out, and Cryptogram. In the United States, it was distributed for the Magnavox Odyssey²  as Speedway / Spin-out / Cryptologic.
Diogenes or on Servants (Ancient Greek: Διογένης ἢ περὶ οἰκέτων, romanized: Diogenēs e peri oiketōn, Oration 10 in modern corpora) is a short speech delivered by Dio Chrysostom between AD 82 and 96,[1] presenting a dialogue between Diogenes of Sinope and an unnamed traveller, which presents arguments against slavery and consulting oracles.
Elections were held in Simcoe County, Ontario on October 25, 2010 in conjunction with municipal elections across the province.
The Nederlandse Spoorwegen (NS) Class 200 diesel locomotives were built for shunting duties. 169 of these small locomotives, numbered 201–369, were built by Werkspoor from 1934–1951. They were known as "Sik" (Sik in singular, goats) by rail enthusiasts and "locomotor" by railway staff. Fifteen of these locomotives were rebuilt with a retractable crane. The few locomotives in active service were retired in 2008 after new Dutch personnel safety regulations prevented NS from using them any longer. Most were no longer active at that time.
The 2C2 3100 were a class of electric locomotives of the Chemins de fer du Midi, France. They were ordered in 1914 but, because of the First World War, deliveries did not begin until 1923. They were designed for alternating current at 12 kV, 16⅔ Hz but, before construction, they were re-designed for direct current at 1,500 V.
Adalram (died 836) was an early 8th-century prelate active in Bavaria. He is known to have been archdeacon of the Salzburg diocese c. 819, and in 821 succeeded Arno as Archbishop of Salzburg.[1] In 824, following the request of the emperor Louis the Pious, he received the pallium from Pope Eugenius II.[1]
"My Secret (Didja Gitit Yet?)" is a 1985 song by R&B/pop group New Edition, released as the fourth and final single from their eponymous second album. Ralph Tresvant sings lead.
Francisco Agustín Silvela y Blanco (August 28, 1803 – September 20, 1857) was a Spanish exile who returned to become a prominent lawyer and politician following the turmoil after the Peninsular War and restoration of the House of Bourbon in Spain  following the French occupation.
The Devil with Boobs (Italian title: Il diavolo con le zinne)[1] is a two-act play by Dario Fo, recipient of the 1997 Nobel Prize in Literature.
Steven Finn (born August 20, 1966) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player who played 13 seasons in the National Hockey League from 1985–86 until 1996–97.  He is currently a junior hockey analyst for TVA Sports.
The 1986–87 North Dakota Fighting Sioux men's ice hockey team represented the University of North Dakota in college ice hockey. In its 9th year under head coach John Gasparini the team compiled a 40–8–0 record and reached the NCAA tournament for the eleventh time.[1] The Fighting Sioux defeated defending champion Michigan State 5–3 to win the championship game at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan.
Callard and Bowser, LLC Inc. is a Chicago, Illinois-based subsidiary of Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company responsible for Altoids mints, and other confections. Since the mints became prominent in the mid-1990s, Callard and Bowser has added a number of products under the Altoids name.
Richard Mingus (born October 19, 1930) worked as a security guard at the Nevada Test Site from 1957-1993.   During that time he secured various parts of the base such as Area 51 and Area 13.   Mingus worked on many black projects such as the U2 spy plane and dozens of atomic test detonations that occurred during the cold war.[1]
Margaritaville Lake Resort Lake of the Ozarks, previously known as Tan-Tar-A Resort, is a resort located in Osage Township, Camden County, just outside Osage Beach, Missouri, at the Lake of the Ozarks. The hotel was sold in 2017 for redevelopment as part of the Margaritaville resort chain. Adjoining the hotel property is a large development of private homes known as the Tan-Tar-A Estates.
How Obelix Fell into the Magic Potion When he was a Little Boy (French: Comment Obélix est tombé dans la marmite du druide quand il était petit, "How Obelix Fell into the Druid's Cooking Pot When He Was Small") is an Asterix story written by René Goscinny and originally published in the French magazine Pilote issue 291 (1965), with only a few drawings.[1] In 1989, it was fully illustrated by Albert Uderzo and published in an album as a comic book with illustrations.
Denis Nikisha (born 7 August 1995) is a Kazakh short track speed skater.[1]
The Lost Dogs’ Home is an Australian organisation with shelters and pounds in Victoria.  It was established in 1910 to provide a temporary home for Melbourne’s lost and starving dogs. Today The Lost Dogs’ Home cares for more than twenty-one thousand lost, stray, injured and abandoned dogs and cats every year and is Australia's largest animal shelter. They also host services and initiatives to promote animal welfare and responsible pet ownership. These people who work for this organisation want to take care of these poor animals to make them strong and ready for an owner to come adopt them.
Liesbeth van der Pol (born 20 January 1959) is a Dutch architect. She was Chief Government Architect of the Netherlands from 2008 to 2011, the first woman to hold that position.[1][2]
Sepp Behr (born 20 February 1930)[1] is a German former alpine skier who competed in the 1956 Winter Olympics.[2]
43°02′46″N 79°07′12″W﻿ / ﻿43.046115°N 79.119904°W﻿ / 43.046115; -79.119904
In enzymology, a tRNA (adenine-N6-)-methyltransferase (EC 2.1.1.55) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
The 68th Guards Rifle Division was reformed as an elite infantry division of the Red Army in February 1943, based on the 1st formation of the 96th Rifle Division,[1] and served in that role until after the end of the Great Patriotic War. It originally served in the Stalingrad Group of Forces, mopping up in the ruins of that city after the Axis surrender there before eventually being assigned to the 4th Guards Army and moving north to the Kursk area in the Steppe Military District. It entered combat with its Army during the Belgorod-Kharkov Offensive in August and continued fighting toward the Dniepr River and Kiev during the autumn and early winter. From late September until early November it was involved in the fighting around the Bukrin bridgeheads which ultimately ended in a stalemate. The 68th Guards was part of 1st Ukrainian Front until September, 1944 but was subordinated to numerous army and corps commands during this period and won an honorific in western Ukraine during March; subsequently it was also awarded the Order of the Red Banner for its part in the liberation of Lvov. After being removed to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command for much-needed rebuilding its combat path shifted into the Balkans. While rebuilding its antitank battalion had its towed pieces replaced with self-propelled guns and at the beginning of November the entire division was temporarily motorized to take part in an unsuccessful attempt to seize the city of Budapest via a mechanized thrust. The 68th Guards spent the remainder of the war fighting in Hungary and Austria; its regiments would all receive recognition for their roles in the battles for Budapest. The division was finally assigned to the 30th Rifle Corps of 26th Army in January, 1945 and remained under these headquarters for the duration of the war. Despite a solid record of service the 68th Guards was disbanded within two years.
Wang Kaphi (Thai: วังกะพี้, pronounced [wāŋ kā.pʰíː]) is a village and tambon (sub-district) of Mueang Uttaradit District, in Uttaradit Province, Thailand.[1] In 2005 it had a population of 10,364 people. The tambon contains nine villages.
Robert Cronbach  (1908 – 2001)  American sculptor and teacher, born in St. Louis, Missouri where he began his art studies.[1]  He is best remembered for his medals, architectural sculpture and other works.[2]  His art studies continued at the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art where he won two Cresson Traveling Scholarships and travelled to Europe in 1929 and 1930.
Bulgaria competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Originally scheduled to take place from 24 July to 9 August 2020, the Games were postponed to 23 July to 8 August 2021, due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[1] Bulgarian athletes have appeared in every edition of the Summer Olympics since 1924, except for three occasions: the 1948 Summer Olympics in London, and the 1932 and 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles because of Bulgaria's actions in World War II and the worldwide Great Depression and Soviet boycott, respectively.
The 2002 Coupe de France final was a football match held at Stade de France, Saint-Denis on 11 May 2002, that saw FC Lorient defeat SC Bastia 1–0 thanks to a goal by Jean-Claude Darcheville. The final is also famous for a post-game prank by Rémi Gaillard.
In geometry, the truncated order-7 square tiling is a uniform tiling of the hyperbolic plane. It has Schläfli symbol of t0,1{4,7}.
Karl Zwack was an Austrian pair skater. With partner Idi Papez, he was the 1933 European Champion[1] and was a three-time World medalist[2]
Lucius Herennius Saturninus was a Roman senator active during the reign of Domitian and Trajan (c. AD 81–117). He was suffect consul for the nundinium of May to June AD 100, with Pomponius Mamilianus as his colleague. 
35°19′19.5″N 69°1′37.0″E﻿ / ﻿35.322083°N 69.026944°E﻿ / 35.322083; 69.026944
In photography, an infinity cove or infinity cyclorama is an all-white space with no corners, designed to give the impression that the background of an object extends to infinity.
Appalachian studies is the area studies field concerned with the Appalachian region of the United States.
Ross Baldick is an American professor emeritus of electrical and computer engineering at the University of Texas at Austin. He is an Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) fellow of power and energy society. He is the chairman of the System Economics Sub-Committee of the IEEE Power Engineering and an associate editor of IEEE Transactions on Power Systems.
In pathology, a Councilman body, also known as a Councilman hyaline body or apoptotic body, is an eosinophilic globule of apoptotic hepatocyte cell fragments. Ultimately, the fragments are taken up by macrophages or adjacent parenchymal cells.[1] They are found in the liver of individuals suffering from acute viral hepatitis, yellow fever, and other viral syndromes.[2]
The 3rd Ward or Third Ward is one of the 17 Wards of New Orleans, a division of the city of New Orleans, Louisiana.[1]
The Prince Hall Masonic Temple in South Los Angeles area of Los Angeles, California is a historic club building associated with Prince Hall Freemasonry.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2009.[1]  The structure, built in 1926, is a two-story masonry building which has been described as "very simple in design and almost appears to be commercial in use."[2]  The building was established as the Los Angeles branch of Prince Hall Freemasonry, a tradition of separate, predominantly African-American, Freemasonry in North America.
Weerayut Jitkuntod (Thai: วีรยุทธ จิตขุนทด; born January 2, 1984) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a right back for Thai League 4 club North Bangkok University.
Lansing "Lansa" Vanwoert Brown Jr. (August 24, 1900 – February 16, 1962) was an American photographer.
Hugo Gabriel Silveira Pereira (born 26 March 1993) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays for Rentistas as a forward.
Blue Man Vegas, LLC v. NLRB (529 F. 3d 417 (D.C. Cir. 2008),[1] was a case of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, in which it held on whether the National Labor Relations Board had erred in its holding the bargaining unit proposed by the union was appropriate. The National Labor Relations Board had previously decided that Blue Man Vegas, LLC had engaged in unfair labor practices under the terms of the National Labor Relations Act through its refusing to bargain with the established union, which served as the bargaining representative.
AraGeek is an Arabic digital media website, founded in 2011 by two Syrian bloggers: Emad Shams and Malaz Madani while studying in the United Kingdom.[1] Arageek is one of first Arabic online magazine to offer engaging and relevant content focused on technology and social media news to Arab youth.[2][3]
Niyokwizerwa Bosco professionally known as Niyo Bosco (born May 25, 2000) is a Rwandan artist, songwriter and guitarist[1] a child prodigy who developed into the most creative musical figures. He's also known as a songwriter and he has written a lot of songs including Ibuye by Vestine & Dorcas, Ishyano , Urungi and othes.[2] He lost his sight at 12 due to malaria,[3]
Stanislava Andreyevna Konstantinova (Russian: Станислава Андреевна Константинова; born 14 July 2000) is a Russian figure skater. She is the 2019 Winter Universiade bronze medalist, 2018 Grand Prix of Helsinki silver medalist, a two-time CS Tallinn Trophy champion (2016, 2017) and the 2017 CS Warsaw Cup silver medalist.
Kenton's West Side Story is an album by the Stan Kenton Orchestra recorded in 1961 and released by Capitol Records. It won the Grammy Award in 1962 for Best Jazz Performance – Large Group (Instrumental). The album was recorded in 1961 and released quickly to take advantage of the movie premiere of the musical West Side Story. Kenton won his first Grammy Award and he won again the next year in the same category with Adventures in Jazz. Kenton's West Side Story peaked at No. 16 on the Billboard magazine album chart.[1]
Serhiy Mykhailovych Ivliev (Ukrainian: Сергій Михайлович Івлєв; born December 4, 1984) is a Ukrainian footballer who plays with Dynamo Toronto in the Canadian Soccer League.
Kampamba Chintu (born 28 December 1980, Kabwe) is a Zambian football defender, he is currently player-manager at Kabwe Warriors. He was a member of the Zambian national team between 1999 and 2012.
Edwin Parker "Cy" Twombly Sr. (June 15, 1897 – December 3, 1974) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball who appeared in seven games for the 1921 Chicago White Sox. Born in Groveland, Massachusetts, he attended Lehigh University and Springfield College. He was a swim coach and later Athletic Director of Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Virginia in the late 1950s and early 1960s. His namesake son was a major American artist. He died at age 77 in Savannah, Georgia.
Unoprostone (INN) is a prostaglandin analogue. Its isopropyl ester, unoprostone isopropyl, was marketed under the trade name Rescula for the management of open-angle glaucoma and ocular hypertension.[1][2]
Donald Gordon, CC CMG (11 December 1901 – 2 May 1969) was a Scottish-Canadian businessman and the former President of the Canadian National Railways from 1950 to 1966.[1]
Garraveh-ye Nomareh Do (Persian: گراوه نمره دو, also Romanized as Garrāveh-ye Nomareh Do; also known as Garrāveh-ye Do)[1] is a village in Nasrabad Rural District (Kermanshah Province), in the Central District of Qasr-e Shirin County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 19, in 6 families.[2] The village is populated by Kurds.[3]
Adam Fantilli (born October 12, 2004) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Columbus Blue Jackets of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted third overall by the Columbus Blue Jackets in the 2023 NHL Entry Draft.[1][2] During his freshman season at the University of Michigan he was the leading goal and point-scorer and won the Hobey Baker Award, becoming the third freshman to win the award, after Paul Kariya in 1993 and Jack Eichel in 2015.
The 2016 Oceania Canoe Slalom Championships took place from 19 to 21 February 2016 in Penrith, Australia, under the auspices of International Canoe Federation (ICF), at the Penrith Whitewater Stadium facility, which was also the venue for the canoe/kayak slalom events at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
Sidi Yahya Bni Zeroual is a commune in the Taounate Province of the Taza-Al Hoceima-Taounate administrative region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 14930 people living in 2616 households.[1]
Rachid Ksentini (November 11, 1887 – August 4, 1944) was an Algerian actor and comedian.
Yolanda Moore (born July 1, 1974) is a former American professional basketball player. She was the post game radio analyst for the Memphis Grizzlies in 2007.
Radical SAM is a designation for a superfamily of enzymes that use a [4Fe-4S]+ cluster to reductively cleave S-adenosyl-L-methionine (SAM) to generate a radical, usually a 5′-deoxyadenosyl radical (5'-dAdo), as a critical intermediate.[1][2] These enzymes utilize this radical intermediate to perform diverse transformations, often to functionalize unactivated C-H bonds. Radical SAM enzymes are involved in cofactor biosynthesis, enzyme activation, peptide modification, post-transcriptional and post-translational modifications, metalloprotein cluster formation, tRNA modification, lipid metabolism, biosynthesis of antibiotics and natural products etc. The vast majority of known radical SAM enzymes belong to the radical SAM superfamily,[3][4] and have a cysteine-rich motif that matches or resembles CxxxCxxC. rSAMs comprise the largest superfamily of metal-containing enzymes.[5]
The Old Tobacco Shop: A True Account of What Befell a Little Boy in Search of Adventure is a children's fantasy novel by William Bowen that was named a Newbery Honor book.[1] The novel, published by MacMillan in 1921, is illustrated by Reginald Birch.
Innerdownie is a hill in the Ochil Hills range, part of the Central Lowlands in Scotland. It is the most easterly Donald in the range and, at 610 m (2001 ft), the lowest Donald.[4] Commonly, ascents begin from Glensherup and Glendevon to the north and northeast respectively, often ascended as part of a round of the neighbouring hills.[5]
George Foote Foss (September 30, 1876 – November 23, 1968) was a machinist, blacksmith, bicycle repairman and inventor from Sherbrooke, Quebec. He was the inventor of the Fossmobile, Canada's first successful gasoline-powered automobile which he manufactured in 1896.[3]
USS Merganser (AMS-26/AMCU-47/MHC-47) was a YMS-1-class minesweeper of the YMS-135 subclass built for the United States Navy during World War II.
William Lloyd Standish IV (February 16, 1930 – January 1, 2015) was a United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania.
Miles at the Fillmore – Miles Davis 1970: The Bootleg Series Vol. 3 is a 4 CD live album compiling the four nights of Miles Davis's performances at the Fillmore East in New York City from June 17-20, 1970 and three additional tracks recorded at the Fillmore West two months earlier.[1] The concert series was originally released in part as a double album Miles Davis at Fillmore (Columbia, 1970) but was given the first complete unedited release on this box set.
Naomi Ōzora (大空 直美, Ōzora Naomi, born February 4, 1989)[1][2] is a Japanese voice actress from Osaka Prefecture. Her major voice roles include Hana Uzaki in Uzaki-chan Wants to Hang Out!, Jahy in The Great Jahy Will Not Be Defeated!, Inari Fushimi in Inari, Konkon, Koi Iroha, Chio Miyamo in Chio's School Road, Kiriha in Tsugumomo, Satania in Gabriel DropOut, Ruti Ragnason in Banished from the Hero's Party, and Chieri Ogata in The Idolmaster Cinderella Girls.
MEO is a mobile and fixed telecommunications service and brand from Altice Portugal (formerly Portugal Telecom), managed by MEO - Serviços de Comunicações e Multimédia. The service was piloted in Lisbon in 2006 and was later extended to Porto and Castelo Branco.
Stella Quartey  (born 28 December 1973) is a Ghanaian footballer who played as a midfielder for the Ghana women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 1999 FIFA Women's World Cup. On club level she played for Ghatel Ladies in Ghana.[1]
Rosa Giannetta (also known as Rosa Giannetta Alberoni; 11 April 1945 – 3 January 2021) was an Italian novelist, journalist and professor of sociology.[1]
Phillips Graduate University  was a private graduate school in Chatsworth, Los Angeles, California. It provided numerous degrees including doctoral degree in Organizational Management & Consulting and master's degrees in family therapy, art therapy, and human relations. In 1971, Clinton E. Phillips and David Jansen, who had worked in family systems theory and family therapy at the American Institute of Family Relations, founded the California Family Study Center. In 1992, the institution was renamed Phillips Graduate Institute and in 2016 it was changed to Phillips Graduate University. The university transferred the marriage and family therapy program in 2019 to Campbellsville University which opened an off-campus instructional site, the Los Angeles Education Center, at the former location of Phillips Graduate University.[1]
The Second EAFF Women's Football Championship was a football competition held from February 18 to February 24, 2008 in Chongqing, China. Japan won the second edition by beating its opponents to finish first, DPR Korea finished second. The winner of the tournament received 50,000 US Dollars, the runner up 30,000, the third placed team 20,000 and the fourth placed team 15,000.
Zablujena generacija (Delusive or Stray generation) is a Slovene "saloon" punk - alternative rock musical group from Idrija.
William Huntington Reeves (born 1963/64) is an American businessman and the co-founder of the hedge fund, BlueCrest Capital Management.
"Soulful Old Man Sunshine" is a song by the American rock band the Beach Boys that was recorded during the sessions for their 1970 album Sunflower. It was written by Brian Wilson and Rick Henn, former leader of the Sunrays.[1]
The 1440 Canal, also formerly known as the Tidewater Building and Tidewater Place, located at 1440 Canal Street in the Medical District of the Central Business District of New Orleans, Louisiana, is officially a 24-story, 288 feet (88 m)-tall high-rise building designed by Kessels-Diboll-Kessels. The building has lesser-known 25th and 26th floors that are accessible only from the 24th floor and are much smaller in area than the other floors.
Hughes 38 may refer to one of three related sailboat designs:
In the mathematical theory of probability, a generalized renewal process (GRP)  or G-renewal process is a stochastic point process used to model failure/repair behavior of repairable systems in reliability engineering. Poisson point process is a particular case of GRP.
Zeolitic imidazolate frameworks (ZIFs) are a class of metal-organic frameworks (MOFs) that are topologically isomorphic with zeolites.[1] ZIF glasses can be synthesized by the melt-quench method, and the first melt-quenched ZIF glass was firstly made and reported by Bennett et al. back in 2015.[2] ZIFs are composed of tetrahedrally-coordinated transition metal ions (e.g. Fe, Co, Cu, Zn) connected by imidazolate linkers. Since the metal-imidazole-metal angle is similar to the 145° Si-O-Si angle in zeolites, ZIFs have zeolite-like topologies.[3] As of 2010, 105 ZIF topologies have been reported in the literature.[4][5] Due to their robust porosity, resistance to thermal changes, and chemical stability, ZIFs are being investigated for applications such as carbon dioxide capture.[6]
Eritrea–Israel relations are foreign relations between Eritrea and Israel. Both countries established diplomatic relation in 1993 following Eritrean independence. Eritrea has an embassy in Ramat Gan and Israel has an embassy in Asmara. Their ties are generally considered as very close. Both Eritrea and Israel have shared access to the Red Sea.
Secil Marítima, a flagship in Angolan shipping, operates the terminals at Lobito, Luanda and Moçâmedes ports. The company has increased its shipping activities since the signing of the country’s peace treaty in 2002, and is now a leader in freight forwarding.
Landange (French pronunciation: ​[lɑ̃dɑ̃ʒ]; Lorrain: Landonche; German: Landingen) is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.
Kamil Antonik (born 28 November 1998) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Resovia Rzeszów.[2]
Abu Muqri (or Miqra) Mohammed ibn Ali al-Battiwi (Arabic: أبو مقرئ محمد البطوي) (fl. 1331) was a Moroccan astronomer who wrote a poem (urzaja) on the calendar, astronomy and the determination of the hours of Moslem prayer.[1] According to the German orientalist Carl Brockelmann, al-Battiwi was the commanding general of the Marinid sultan of Morocco, Abu al-Hasan Ali ibn Othman.[2]
The Abloux is a 49.6 km (30.8 mi) long river in the Creuse and Indre  departments in central France.[1] Its source is at Bazelat. It flows generally northwest. It is a right tributary of the Anglin, into which it flows at Prissac.
Mark Jeffrey Radford (born July 5, 1959) is an American former National Basketball Association player who played from 1981 to 1983. He played in college for Oregon State University from 1977 to 1981, and was drafted in the third round (53rd overall) of the 1981 NBA draft by the Seattle SuperSonics. He played in 97 career games over two seasons for the SuperSonics. Mark Radford has two children, Armin and Nina, the latter of which went on to play collegiate basketball for Northern Arizona University.[1]
The National Day of Reflection in the United Kingdom is a day to remember those who died during the COVID-19 pandemic. It takes place on 23 March, the anniversary of the first lockdown in 2020. It was initiated in 2021 by the Marie Curie charity and is supported by the Church of England.[1][2]
Samaipata or Samaypata[2] (Quechua samay to rest, pata elevated place / above, at the top / edge, bank (of a river), shore)[3][4] is a small town in the Florida Province of the Santa Cruz Department in Bolivia. It has a subtropical climate and an altitude of 1600–1800 m. It lies about 120 kilometers to the southwest of the city of Santa Cruz de la Sierra in the foothills of the Andes on the way to Sucre. It is a popular resort for the inhabitants of Santa Cruz due to its cool climate. As such, there is a regular bus and taxi service to Santa Cruz. The town is small with numerous colonial buildings and narrow cobbled streets. It is located near several tourist attractions such as El Fuerte de Samaipata, the Amboro National Park, El Codo de los Andes, Cuevas waterfalls, vineyards, rapids and lagoons, as well as well-preserved colonial towns such as Vallegrande, Pampagrande, Postrervalle, Santiago del Valle, Pucará, and others. It is also the first stop in the several tourist trails to Sucre, Potosi, and the Che Guevara route.
Simon Coleman is a British anthropologist who serves as a Chancellor Jackman Chaired Professor in the Department for the Study of Religion at the University of Toronto. He has taught at Durham University and Sussex University, as well. He has served as the editor of The Journal of the Royal Anthropological Institute.[1] He has published studies of Charismatic Christianity and Prosperity theology,[2] particularly focusing on the Word of Faith movement in Europe.[3]
14°40′N 17°2′W﻿ / ﻿14.667°N 17.033°W﻿ / 14.667; -17.033
Nchelenge is a constituency of the National Assembly of Zambia.[1] It covers Nchelenge and several of the surrounding towns in Nchelenge District of Luapula Province.
Atsuko Seta (瀬田　敦子, Seta Atsuko) (born March 4, 1955, in Osaka[1][2][3]) is a Japanese classical pianist. She is particularly successful in Poland, especially in the southwest of the country, regularly performing with the Sudeten Philharmonic Orchestra in Walbrzych and in her native Japan and in Bulgaria.[3][4] Seta is living in Poland as a Honorable Citizen of Szczawno-Zdroj city. Artistic Director of Chiangmai Ginastera International Music Festival. Honorary Professor of Payap University Thailand. Honorary Chairman of Japan Ginastera Association.[5]
Mena, aka Mena jo Goth,[1] is a village and deh in Tando Bago taluka of Badin District, Sindh.[3] As of 2017, it has a population of 2,072, in 415 households.[2] It is part of the tapedar circle of Dadha.[2]
Her & Him is a 2019 Pornhub adult film written and directed by Bella Thorne and starring pornographic actors Abella Danger and Small Hands. 
Çukurova (Turkish pronunciation: [tʃuˈkuɾova]) or the Cilician Plain (Cilicia Pedias in antiquity), is a large fertile plain in the Cilicia region of southern Turkey. The plain covers the easternmost areas of Mersin Province, southern and central Adana Province, western Osmaniye Province and northwestern Hatay Province.
Fastest Car is a Netflix original series which premiered on April 6, 2018.[1] It is a reality-show where drivers of stock exotic supercars go up against sleeper cars in a quarter-mile drag race.[2] Supercars include a Lamborghini Aventador, Lamborghini Huracán, Ford GT, Ferrari 458, Ferrari 488, Dodge Viper, McLaren MP4,[2] McLaren 675LT, McLaren 650S, and McLaren 720S.
St Mary's Church is a Roman Catholic parish church in Stirling, Scotland. It was built from 1904 to 1905 and designed by Peter Paul Pugin in the Gothic Revival style. It is located between Upper Bridge Street and Crofthead Road to the north of the city centre. It is a category B listed building.[3]
Chi Gamma Epsilon (ΧΓΕ) is a local fraternity at the American Ivy League university of Dartmouth College.  "Chi Gam," as it is commonly known, was part of the Kappa Sigma fraternity before breaking off for political reasons.  On campus, Chi Gam is known for its dance parties such as Gammapalooza, its house pong game known as ship [1] and its commitment to community service. In past years Chi Gam gained a reputation as the "Baseball Frat,"  although now the house is populated by a wide variety of different people, including members of the Dartmouth Lightweight Crew team, Dartmouth Cross Country team, and leaders of student organizations.
1st Goodsal is the first, and to date only, studio album by Japanese idol group Ongaku Gatas. It was released by Zetima Records on February 6, 2008.[1] The album peaked at #24 on the Oricon weekly charts, charting for two weeks.[2]
Brigus Gold Corporation was a Canadian mining company. The company was based in Halifax, Nova Scotia Canada and operated Black Fox Mine and Mill in the Timmins Gold District of Ontario. The Black Fox Complex encompasses the Black Fox Mine, the new Grey Fox property and adjoining properties in the Township of Black River-Matheson, Ontario, Canada. The Black Fox Mine is in production and the Grey Fox Mine, located four kilometres from Black Fox is in development.
Bernice A. Akamine (born December 1, 1949) is an American artist and Hawaiian rights activist. Her visual art has taken multiple forms, including glass and feathers, and she teaches traditional Hawaiian art techniques such as the creation of kapa cloth and natural dyeing using Hawaiian plants. Akamine is an advocate for Indigenous land rights, using her artwork to bring attention to the colonial invasion of Hawaii and its continued effects on the native Hawaiian population.
In quantum mechanics, the particle in a one-dimensional lattice is a problem that occurs in the model of a periodic crystal lattice. The potential is caused by ions in the periodic structure of the crystal creating an electromagnetic field so electrons are subject to a regular potential inside the lattice.  It is a generalization of the free electron model, which assumes zero potential inside the lattice.
Emmanuel Broutin (1826–1883) was a French fencing master,[1] sergeant of the imperial army, emigrated to Spain where he proceeded his career for the queen Isabella II of Spain before managing his fencing hall in Madrid.
Djebock  is a small town and seat of the Commune of Anchawadi in the Cercle of Gao in the Gao Region of south-eastern Mali.[1]
X-Cerpts: Live at Willisau is the second album led by trumpeter Herb Robertson which was recorded and released in 1987 on the JMT label.[1][2]
Mitch Gore is an American politician and law enforcement officer serving as a member of the Indiana House of Representatives from the 89th district. He assumed office on November 4, 2020.
Silawan Intamee (Thai: ศิลาวรรณ อินต๊ะมี; born 22 January 1994) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.
The Ozark Eagles were a Minor League Baseball team that represented Ozark, Alabama in the Alabama State League and Alabama–Florida League from 1946 to 1952.
The Martin Lake Line is a railroad owned and operated by Texas Utilities and hauls Lignite coal from mines in the Oak Hill and Beckville area to the Martin Lake Power Plant and has a connection with the BNSF Railway's Longview Subdivision near Tatum, TX. Coal from the Powder River Basin in Wyoming is transferred onto the line via the connection with BNSF. The line was constructed as an electrified line, using 25 kV AC, 60 Hz electrification, and operated GE E25Bs and former Ferrocarriles Nacionales de México GE E60s;[1][2] however, the line was de-electrified in 2011.[3]
Commentarii de Bello Civili (Commentaries on the Civil War), or Bellum Civile, is an account written by Julius Caesar of his war against Gnaeus Pompeius and the Roman Senate. It consists of three books covering the events of 49–48 BC, from shortly before Caesar's invasion of Italy to Pompey's defeat at the Battle of Pharsalus and flight to Egypt. It was preceded by the much longer account of Caesar's campaigns in Gaul and was followed by similar works covering the ensuing wars against the remnants of Pompey's armies in Egypt, North Africa, and Spain. Caesar's authorship of the Commentarii de Bello Civili is not disputed, while the three later works are believed to have been written by contemporaries of Caesar.[1]
Modus Operandi, directed by Frankie Latina, is an independent feature film shot in Milwaukee, Wisconsin and Tokyo, Japan. Latina examines the exploitation film genre through a revenge tale about a desperate C.I.A. agent on a mission to find the man who murdered his wife.[1]
B Complete (stylized as B:COMPLETE) is the debut extended play by the first ever Brand New Music boy band, AB6IX. The album was released digitally and physically on May 22, 2019, by Brand New Music.[1]
The 2016 Copa Verde was the 3rd edition of the Copa Verde football competition held in Brazil. Featuring 18 clubs, Amazonas and Distrito Federal has two vacancies; Acre, Amapá, Espírito Santo, Goiás, Mato Grosso, Mato Grosso do Sul, Pará, Rondônia, Roraima and Tocantins with one each. The others four berths was set according to CBF ranking.[1]
The Uda Genji (宇多源氏) were the successful and powerful line of a Japanese Minamoto clan that were descended from Emperor Uda (宇多天皇). 

William Henry Stone FRCP (5 July 1830, London – 5 July 1891, Wandsworth, London) was an English physician, known for his studies on electro-therapy and the electrical properties of the human body.[1][2][3]
The Leaf River Bridge was constructed in 1907 and spans the Leaf River in Greene County, Mississippi. When a new bridge was constructed across the Leaf River on a county road (old Mississippi Highway 24) north of McLain, the old bridge was removed from service and access was terminated. The 1907 bridge was declared a Mississippi Landmark in 1987[2] and was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.[3]
Port Dover Composite School (PDCS) was a public middle and high school located in Port Dover, Ontario, Canada. Shortly after closure, PDCS was converted into an elementary school called Lakewood Public School[3] Students here typically lived south of Simcoe, northeast of Turkey Point and southwest of Jarvis.
Skepticism in law is a school of jurisprudence that was a reaction against the idea of natural law, and a response to the 'formalism' of legal positivists. Legal skepticism  is sometimes known as legal realism.[4]
"Miss America" is a song by American rock band Saving Abel, released in 2011 as the third single from their second album Miss America (2010).


The first elections to the new Manchester City Council were held on Thursday, 10 May 1973.  The election created the entire 99-member council (three councillors to each ward), which shadowed its predecessor corporation before taking over its functions on 1 April 1974, as specified in the Local Government Act 1972. Each 1st-placed candidate was appointed to a five-year term of office, expiring in 1978. Each 2nd-placed candidate had a three-year term of office, expiring in 1976. Each 3rd-placed candidate served a two-year term of office, expiring in 1975.
The Sheraton Centre Toronto Hotel is a 1300-room, 43-story hotel in Downtown Toronto, Ontario, Canada, opened in 1972.[1][2] It is the second-tallest all-hotel building in Toronto, after the Delta Toronto Hotel.[3][4]
The Miami Canal, or C-6 Canal, flows from Lake Okeechobee in the U.S. state of Florida to its terminus at the Miami River, which flows through downtown Miami. The canal flows in a south and southeasterly direction for approximately 77 miles, and passes through three counties: Broward, Palm Beach, and Miami-Dade. It was constructed in the early part of the 20th century to drain the Everglades Agricultural Area (EAA).  Removing the canal was proposed as part of the Restoration of the Everglades.
Mehran Ghassemi (Persian: مهران قاسمی) (April 8, 1977 – January 9, 2008) was an Iranian journalist. He was an expert on Iranian Nuclear Dossier and Foreign Policy and published hundreds of articles in Iranian newspapers.[1]
Fort Smith National Historic Site is a National Historic Site located in Fort Smith, Arkansas, along the Arkansas River. The first fort at this site was established by the United States in 1817, before this area was established as part of Indian Territory. It was later replaced and the second fort was operated by the US until 1871. This site was designated as a National Historic Landmark in 1961.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 263001 through 264000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements"[1] and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".[2] A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
The APC United Late Model Series is a late model stock car racing series competing at short track ovals in Ontario, Canada.
High Speed is a pinball simulation video game developed by Rare for the Nintendo Entertainment System, and published by Tradewest in 1991. High Speed employs the game engine that Rare previously developed for Pin*Bot (1990).
Junior Félix Madrigal Ortíz (born 2 June 1982) is a Mexican footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for La Piedad.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarawa and Nauru (Latin: Dioecesis Taravana et Nauruna) in Kiribati and Nauru is a suffragan diocese of the Archdiocese of Suva. It was erected as the Vicariate Apostolic of Gilbert Islands in 1897, with see in Tanaeang (on Tabiteuea) from 1936 to the end of 1950s,[1] and later elevated to as the Diocese of Tarawa in 1966. There was a name change in 1978 and, in 1982, the diocese was split from the Mission sui iuris of Funafuti. The diocese currently has jurisdiction over all of Kiribati and Nauru.
Przytuki [pʂɨˈtuki] is a village located in the administrative district of Gmina Kleczew, within Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Kleczew, 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Konin, and 80 km (50 mi) east of the regional capital Poznań.
Stilpnomelane is a phyllosilicate mineral. It has the chemical formula K(Fe2+,Mg,Fe3+)8(Si,Al)12(O,OH)27·n(H2O).[4]
Mucho Azúcar – Grandes Éxitos is a greatest hits album by Spanish duo Azúcar Moreno, released on Sony International in 1997.
Sherman Township is one of twenty-four townships in Antelope County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 103 at the 2010 census.[1]
George Paz (died October 23, 2022, age 67) was the chairman, and former CEO, of Express Scripts, a Fortune 100 company, and the largest pharmacy benefit management (PBM) organization in the US.
The Southeastern Louisiana Lady Lions softball team represents Southeastern Louisiana University in NCAA Division I college softball as a member of the Southland Conference. The Lions are currently led by head coach Rick Fremin. The team plays its home games at North Oak Park located on the university's campus.[2]
Ghara is an earthen pot made in India and Pakistan. It is used for storing drinking water and keeping it cool.[1][2]
"King Andrew the First" is an American political cartoon created by an unknown artist around 1832.[1] The cartoon depicts Andrew Jackson, the 7th United States president, as a monarch holding a veto bill and trampling on the Constitution and on internal improvements of the national banks.
It's Not Over is the sixth album by the group Shooting Star. This is the first Shooting Star album not to feature founding members Gary West, Steve Thomas, and Charles Waltz; and the first to feature their replacements: vocalist Keith Mitchell, keyboardist Dennis Laffoon, and drummer Rod Lincoln. It is also the first Shooting Star album to feature original bassist Ron Verlin since 1983's Burning.
Dynamic tidal power or DTP is an untried but promising technology for tidal power generation. It would involve creating a long dam-like structure perpendicular to the coast, with the option for a coast-parallel barrier at the far end, forming a large 'T' shape. This long T-dam would interfere with coast-parallel tidal wave hydrodynamics, creating water level differences on opposite sides of the barrier which drive a series of bi-directional turbines installed in the dam. Oscillating tidal waves which run along the coasts of continental shelves, containing powerful hydraulic currents, are common in e.g. China, Korea, and the UK.[1][2][3][4]
BC Khimki (Russian: БК Химки) is a Russian professional basketball team that is based in Khimki, Moscow Oblast. The club's senior men's first team participates in the Russian Basketball Super League 1. The club's full official name is BC Khimki Moscow Region.[2] Khimki has a Moscow-based rivalry with the Russian club CSKA Moscow.
Rachel Elizabeth Zuckert (born January 6, 1969) is an American philosopher and associate professor of philosophy at the Northwestern University. 
She is known for her expertise on Kantian philosophy.[2][3]
Zuckert is a former president of North American Kant Society.
Erin Mills is a large suburban district in the city of Mississauga, Ontario, Canada, approximately 32 km (20 mi) west of Downtown Toronto. Starting in the 1970s, Erin Mills was developed as a "new town" by the Cadillac Fairview Corporation on over 7,000 acres (28 km2) of farmland around Erin Mills Town Centre.[1] Cadillac Fairview inherited the development from E. P. Taylor's Don Mills Development Corporation, which acquired land in the 1950s and coined the area's name.[2] Taylor sold the development to Cadillac Fairview in 1968.[3] The name paid homage to the historic Erindale to the south as well as various mills along the Credit River to the east. The closest mill was found along Eglinton Avenue in what was once Barberton, now a ghost town that once was built around the Toronto Woollen (Mills) Factory owned by brothers Robert and William Barber.
[4]
Leniz Point, also known as Barbaro Point,[1] is the northern extremity of the small peninsula on which Mount Banck stands, lying 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Bryde Island on the west coast of Graham Land, Antarctica. It was first charted by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition under Gerlache, who made a landing here on February 10, 1898. The toponym appears on a Chilean government chart of 1951 and is for Clorindo Leniz Gallejo, the chief stoker on board the tender Yelcho which rescued the crew of the Endurance from Elephant Island in August 1916.[2]
Aleksandr Ivanovich Krinitsky (Russian: Алекса́ндр Ива́нович Крини́цкий; 1894, Tver – 1937) was a Soviet statesman and first secretary of the Communist Party of the Byelorussian SSR from May 1924 to December 1925.[1]
Concerns of both a current and future shortage of medical doctors due to the supply and demand for physicians in the United States have come from multiple entities including professional bodies such as the American Medical Association (AMA).[1] The subject has been analyzed as well by the American news media in publications such as Forbes,[2] The Nation,[3] and Newsweek.[4] In the 2010s, a study released by the Association of American Medical Colleges (AAMC) titled The Complexities of Physician Supply and Demand: Projections From 2019 to 2034 specifically projected a shortage of between 37,800 and 124,000 individuals within the following two decades, approximately.[1]
Andrej Gosar (30 November 1887 – 21 April 1970) was a Slovenian and Yugoslav politician, sociologist, economist and political theorist.
Trần Văn Minh (21 July 1932 – 27 August 1997) was a general of the Republic of Vietnam Air Force (RVNAF).
Syeda Zehra Naqvi is a Pakistani politician who had been a member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab from August 2018 till January 2023.
The École de pilotage de l'Armée de l'air (EPAA),[1] or École de Pilotage de l'Armée de l'Air 315 Général Jarry, is the main training centre for pilots of the French Air and Space Force.
Hydraotes Chaos is a broken-up region in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars, located at 0.8° North and 35.4° West. It is 417.5 km across and was named after a classical albedo feature name.[1] More information and more examples of chaos regions can be found at Martian chaos terrain. The area contains small conical edifices, called Hydraotes Colles,[2] which were interpreted as the Martian equivalent of terrestrial cinder cones formed by volcanic activity.[3]
4eva N a Day (pronounced as Forever and a Day) is a mixtape by Mississippi rapper and producer Big K.R.I.T. It was released for free digital download on March 5, 2012 under independent record label Cinematic Music Group. The mixtape was released in anticipation of K.R.I.T.'s debut studio album Live from the Underground (2012). It was entirely produced, arranged and mixed by Big K.R.I.T., with assistance from Ralph Cacciurri, and contains 17 tracks with no vocal guest appearances. An extended play containing three songs from the mixtape ("Boobie Miles", "Red Eye" & "Insomnia"), including two new songs, was released on iTunes on April 10, 2012. Upon its release, 4EvaNaDay received critical acclaim from music critics. The mixtape has been downloaded over 236,000 times on professional mixtape site Datpiff.[1]
Montfortian (locally Mofers or Mofertaans) is a Central Limburgish dialect spoken in the Dutch town of Montfort. It is closely related to the dialects spoken in Echt, Sint Joost, Hingen, Peij, Slek (Echt-Susteren, Limburg) and Koningsbosch.
The Greatest Generation, also known as the G.I. Generation and the World War II generation, is the Western demographic cohort following the Lost Generation and preceding the Silent Generation. The generation is generally defined as people born from 1901 to 1927.[1] They were shaped by the Great Depression and were the primary generation composing the enlisted forces in World War II. Most people of the Greatest Generation are the parents of the Silent Generation and Baby Boomers who in turn were the children of the Lost Generation.
Francisco Bobadilla (died 29 August 1529) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Salamanca (1510–1529) and Bishop of Ciudad Rodrigo (1509–1510).[1][2][3]
Abdullatif Al-Sayed Bafaqih is a Southern Yemeni warlord from Abyan who played a major role during the wars against Al-Qaeda after 2012 in Abyan Governorate.
Ye' Win Aung (Burmese: ရဲဝင်းအောင်; born 6 August 1993) is a footballer from Burma, and a defender for the Myanmar national football team and Yadanarbon FC. He appeared as a midfielder for silver medalist Myanmar U-23 Team[2] in 2015 SEA Games and scored against the Philippines Team.[3]
The Hellstrom Chronicle is an American film released in 1971 which combines elements of documentary, horror and apocalyptic prophecy to present a gripping satirical depiction of the struggle for survival between humans and insects. It won both the 1972 Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature and BAFTA Award for Best Documentary. It was conceived and produced by David L. Wolper,[3] directed by Walon Green[4] and written by David Seltzer, who earned a Writers Guild of America Award nomination for his screenplay.
Charlie August "Cholly" Engle (August 27, 1903 – October 12, 1983) was an American professional baseball infielder. He played shortstop in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Philadelphia Athletics during the 1925 and 1926 seasons and the Pittsburgh Pirates during the 1930 season.[1] Engle made his major league debut in a game against the New York Yankees on September 14, 1925.[1][2] This was the only game he played in the season and he did not get at bat.[2] In the 1926 season he played in 19 games with a batting average of .105.[3] He played in the minor leagues for the Memphis Chickasaws and had a batting average of .302 in 1929. He was subsequently drafted into the Pirates in the 1930 major league season.[4][5]
Ahmose called Turo (also Ture, Thure or Thuwre) was Viceroy of Kush under Amenhotep I and Thutmose I.[1]

Barney Norris, FRSL[1] (born 1987) is a British writer.[2]
Mohammad Faghiri (Persian: محمد فقیری, born January 14, 1985, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.[1]
Alias Mrs. Jessop is a 1917 American silent comedy film directed by Will S. Davis and starring Emily Stevens, Howard Hall, and William H. Tooker. It was released on December 10, 1917.
Zdroje [ˈzdrɔjɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bartniczka, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Bartniczka, 15 km (9 mi) east of Brodnica, and 71 km (44 mi) east of Toruń.
The Dubai government took a decision to diversify from a trade-based, oil-reliant economy to one that is service and tourism-oriented has made real estate and other developments more valuable, resulting in a property boom from 2004 to 2006. Construction on a large scale has turned Dubai into one of the fastest-growing cities in the world. There are a number of large-scale projects which are currently under construction or will be constructed in the future. Due to the heavy construction which is taking place in Dubai, 30,000 construction cranes, which are 25% of cranes worldwide, are operating in Dubai.[1]
Due to the burst of construction, Dubai has acquired various building-related records, which include: the world's tallest tower (Burj Khalifa), the world's largest shopping mall (Dubai Mall), the world's largest fountain (The Dubai Fountain) and the world's tallest hotel (Gevora Hotel). Also under construction is Dubailand, which will be almost twice the size of the Walt Disney World Resort.[2]

The following is a list of Chinese television programs by date of first broadcast in China.
Pairwise comparison generally is any process of comparing entities in pairs to judge which of each entity is preferred, or has a greater amount of some quantitative property, or whether or not the two entities are identical. The method of pairwise comparison is used in the scientific study of preferences, attitudes, voting systems, social choice, public choice, requirements engineering and multiagent AI systems.  In psychology literature, it is often referred to as paired comparison.
Sierra de Utiel[1] (Valencian: Serra d'Utiel) is a 16.45 km (10 mi) long mountain range in the Alt Palància, Alt Millars and Plana Baixa comarcas, Valencian Community, Spain. Its highest point is the 1,306 m high El Remedio (Valencian: El Remei). There is often snow in the winter.[2]
Self-Portrait is an oil-on-canvas painting by the Italian painter Titian. Dating to about 1560, when Titian would have been over 70 years old, it is the later of his two surviving[1] self-portraits. The painting is a realistic and unflattering depiction of the physical effects of old age, and as such shows none of the self-confidence of his earlier self-portrait (c. 1546–47) now in Berlin. That painting shows Titian in three-quarter view in an alert pose.[2]
Esplin is a Scottish surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lazaros Vizantiadis (Greek: Λάζαρος Βυζαντιάδης; 2 April 1938 – May 2008) was a Greek chess International Master (IM) (1969), two-times Greek Chess Championship winner (1965, 1966).
Chinese texts
John J. Carlson (born April 1953) is a Minnesota politician and a former member of the Minnesota Senate who represented District 4. A Republican, he is the owner of John Carlson Agency, an insurance service provider. He is also an adjunct professor in the Business Department of Bemidji State University in Bemidji.[1]
The 1916 Progressive National Convention was held in July 1916, in conjunction with the Republican national convention. This was to facilitate a possible reconciliation. Five delegates from each convention met to negotiate.
The Klingon Language Institute (KLI) is an independent organization originally founded in Flourtown, Pennsylvania and now located in Kentucky. Its goal is to promote the Klingon language and culture.
Transmat is the record label of techno musician Derrick May, founded in 1986.[1][2] For years,[quantify] the label "released the tracks that would fuel the techno boom". Artists included Rhythim Is Rhythim, James Pennington, Joey Beltram, and more.
Personality judgment (or personality judgement in UK) is the process by which people perceive each other's personalities through acquisition of certain information about others, or meeting others in person. The purpose of studying personality judgment is to understand past behavior exhibited by individuals and predict future behavior. Theories concerning personality judgment focus on the accuracy of personality judgments and the effects of personality judgments on various aspects of social interactions.[1] Determining how people judge personality is important because personality judgments often influence individuals' behaviors.[2]
Fletcher (also Fletchers) is an unincorporated community in McLean County, Illinois, United States.[1][2]
The fifth electoral unit of Republika Srpska is a parliamentary constituency used to elect members to the National Assembly of Republika Srpska since 2014.  It consists of the Municipalities of Stanari, Doboj,
Petrovo and
Teslić.
WHYC (88.5 FM) is a Public Radio East Classical radio station licensed to serve the community of Swan Quarter, North Carolina. The station is licensed to the Hyde County Board of Education with station programming originating from Public Radio East.
Chamberlain Basin is a drainage basin that contains a chain of ten alpine and glacial Paternoster lakes in Custer County, Idaho, United States, located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.  Lakes are located on the upper portion of Chamberlain Creek in the Germania Creek watershed, a tributary of the East Fork Salmon River.  Castle Peak, the highest summit in the White Cloud Mountains, rises to the east and north of Chamberlain Basin. Sawtooth National Forest trail 047 crosses the basin, although most people begin their trips at the Fourth of July Creek trailhead.[2]  Individual lakes do not have official names and are listed from lowest to highest elevation.
The augerino is a legendary creature present in the folk tales of lumberjack and ranching communities in the western United States.[1] Tales of the augerino described it as a subterranean creature which inhabited the drier regions of Colorado.[1] The augerino required a dry environment to survive and would bore holes in dams and irrigation ditches to let the water drain out. Some accounts described the augerino as a type of worm,[2] though tales differ on the exact physical description of the creature.[1] The name appears to derive from the diminutive of the common hand tool, the auger.
Alexandria Troas ("Alexandria of the Troad"; Greek: Αλεξάνδρεια Τρωάς; Turkish: Eski Stambul) is the site of an ancient Greek city situated on the Aegean Sea near the northern tip of Turkey's western coast, the area known historically as Troad, a little south of Tenedos (modern Bozcaada). It is located southeast of modern Dalyan, a village in the Ezine district of Çanakkale Province. The site sprawls over an estimated 400 hectares (990 acres); among the few structures remaining today are a ruined bath, an odeon, a theatre, gymnasium complex[1] and a recently uncovered stadion.[2]  The circuit of the old walls can still be traced.
The 1950 Western Reserve Red Cats football team represented the Western Reserve University in the American city of Cleveland, Ohio, now known as Case Western Reserve University, during the 1950 college football season.  The Red Cats were a member of the Mid-American Conference (MAC).
The Blue-and-Blacks (Sinimustat) was a fascist youth organization that operated in Finland from 1930 to 1936, initially affiliated with the Lapua movement and then the Patriotic People's Movement (IKL).[1]
Fever Marlene is a rock band from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA. Originally a two-piece, made up of Scott Starr (vocals, guitar, bass pedals, synth) and Kevin Dunphy (vocals, drums) the band emerged into the "garage rock" revival scene in early 2003.
Juan Suárez Carvajal (1485 – October 6, 1584) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Lugo (1539–1561).[1]
Since the founding, Stanford University has provided on-campus housing for students. Today, all undergraduate students, most graduate students, and many graduate employees use campus housing. While not all graduate students are eligible for campus or subsidized off-campus housing, of those that are, only 64% are able to take advantage of this opportunity due to the limited housing stock. Student Housing at Stanford is currently part of Residential & Dining Enterprises, an in-house standalone vendor within the Stanford affiliated network of businesses.[1]
Chi Carinae, Latinised from χ Carinae (US: /kaɪ kəˈraɪniː/),[12] is a star in the southern constellation of Carina. It is a third-magnitude[2] star and is one of the brighter members of the constellation. The distance to the star can be determined directly through parallax measurements, yielding an estimate of roughly 450 light-years (140 parsecs) with a 6.7% margin of error.[5] This star is a suspected astrometric binary,[13] although nothing is known about the companion.[14]
Kamei Koremasa (亀井 茲政, 1617 – February 6, 1681) was a Japanese daimyō of the early Edo period, who ruled the Tsuwano Domain. He assisted in the construction of a part of Kōdaiji Temple in Kyoto. His childhood name was Dairiki (大力).
Tunb-e Bozorg (Persian: تنب بزرگ; also known as Greater Tumb, Jazīreh-ye Tonb-e Bozorg, Jezīrat Tunb, Tonb, Ţunb al Kubrá, and Tunb Buzurq)[1] is a village in Tunb Rural District, Tunb District, Abumusa County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 155, in 49 families.[2]  The village is on Greater Tunb island.
Noack is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Shola Lynch (born March 20, 1969) is an American filmmaker, artist and former child actress. She is best known for her films Chisholm '72: Unbought and Unbossed (2004) and Free Angela and All Political Prisoners (2012), both of which focus on African-American women and political history.[1] She is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.
Ewa Air is a French airline with its corporate head office on the property of Dzaoudzi Pamandzi International Airport in Pamandzi, Mayotte, near Dzaoudzi.[1] The airline began operations in 2013.[2]
Christine Whitehead is a British Academic and Emeritus Professor of Housing Economics at the London School of Economics and Political Science.[1] She is also the Deputy Directory of LSE London,[2] an urban research group at London School of Economics and Political Science[1]
"Israel" is a ballad track[2] written by Barry Gibb. It appeared on the Bee Gees' 1971 album, Trafalgar.
"Romantic Ukare Mode" (ロマンティック浮かれモード) is a song by Miki Fujimoto, released as her third single on September 4, 2002, in Japan. It sold a total of 62,000 copies and is currently Fujimoto's highest-selling single. It is also her highest-charting single in Japan so far, and together with "Boyfriend" it is her longest-charting single in the Oricon top 200, having stayed on the chart for eleven weeks.
Eyes of Eternity is a 2003 heavy metal album released by Rob Rock. The album is his second release as a solo artist.
 Juozas Kamarauskas  (1874–1946) was a Lithuanian painter.
Doringkruin is a predominantly White residential suburb 5 km north east of Klerksdorp in the North West province of South Africa.
The Azem Alliance is a political party in Iraq.[1] It is headed by the Sunni businessman Khamis al-Khanjar and includes prominent Sunni figures, such as former parliament speakers Mahmoud al-Mashhadani and Salim al-Jabouri, and former defence minister Khaled al-Obaidi.[2]
Doug Domokos (December 31, 1955 – November 26, 2000), nicknamed, "The Wheelie King," was an American stunt motorcyclist and former World Record holder for the World's Longest Wheelie.
The Floro PDW is a compact carbine that has been developed by the Floro International of the Philippines for conventional forces, as a replacement for their 9mm caliber sidearms and submachine guns.[1]
Yal Rud (Persian: يالرود, also Romanized as Yāl Rūd, also known as Yālu)[1] is a village in Sheykh Fazlolah-e Nuri Rural District, Baladeh District, Nur County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 153, in 47 families.[2]
The 1984 World 600, the 25th running of the event, was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series racing event that took place on May 27, 1984. A souvenir program from this race cost $4 ($11.27 when adjusted for inflation).
Belarusan-American Association (Belarusian: Беларуска-Амерыканскае Задзіночаньне, Bielaruska-Amierykanskaje Zadzinočan'nje, BAZA) is a non-profit organization of Belarusians in the United States.  In the United States, the Belarusan-American Association is a member organization of the Central and East European Coalition (CEEC), which coordinates the efforts of national ethnic organizations representing 20 million Americans, whose members continue to maintain strong cultural, economic, political, and religious ties to the countries of Central and East Europe.[1]
Childress is an unincorporated community in Goochland County, Virginia, United States. Childress is 10.9 miles (17.5 km) north-northwest of Goochland.
Bobby Caldwell (reissued on CD as What You Won't Do for Love) is the debut album by singer and songwriter Bobby Caldwell. The album was released in 1978 on the Clouds imprint of TK Records.
Sweet chestnut of Mount Tota (Turkish: Tota Dağı Anadolu Kestanesi) is an old chestnut tree in Isparta Province, western Turkey.  It is a registered natural monument of the country.

Project Aqua was a hydroelectric scheme proposed for the lower Waitaki River in New Zealand.[1] Although the scheme had considerable support from some locals, it met with opposition from many other groups, and Meridian Energy decided in March 2004 not to go ahead with the project.
Hooper is an unincorporated community in Haralson County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.[1]
45°21′N 19°00′E﻿ / ﻿45.350°N 19.000°E﻿ / 45.350; 19.000
The University of the Ryukyus (琉球大学, Ryūkyū Daigaku), abbreviated to  Ryūdai (琉大), is a Japanese national university in Nishihara, Okinawa Prefecture, Japan. Established in 1950, it is the westernmost national university of Japan and the largest public university in Okinawa Prefecture. Located in the Senbaru neighborhood of the town of Nishihara, its campus borders both the village of Nakagusuku and the city of Ginowan.
Banja Vrujci (Serbian Cyrillic: Бања Врујци) is a spa town located in the western part of Serbia, spread around the hillsides of Suvobor mountain and the River Toplica valley.
Strawn is a village in Livingston County, Illinois, United States. The population was 100 at the 2010 census.[2]
The Bow City crater is a potential[1] meteorite impact crater located in southern Alberta, Canada.[2][3][4][5]
Júnior Felício Marques or simply Ji-Paraná  (born June 11, 1987 in Ji-Paraná), is a Brazilian midfielder who most recently played for Paranavaí.
Lieutenant Leslie Jacob Rummell (1895-1919) was an American World War I flying ace credited with seven aerial victories.[1]
Wittenberg is an unincorporated community in Brazeau Township in eastern Perry County, Missouri, United States.[1] It is located on the Mississippi River, 14 miles (23 km) southeast of Perryville. Wittenberg is situated in the Brazeau Bottoms on Brazeau Creek opposite Grand Tower, Illinois, and Tower Rock, the latter a landmark island in the Mississippi River.
Henry Adler (June 28, 1915 – September 30, 2008) was an American jazz drummer, teacher, author, and publisher. He taught drummer Buddy Rich how to read music and co-wrote Buddy Rich's Modern Interpretation of Snare Drum Rudiments, published in 1942.
Os Cascavelletes were a Brazilian rock group from Porto Alegre, Rio Grande do Sul. One of the first rock bands from Rio Grande do Sul to acquire mainstream success nationwide alongside its "sister project" TNT, they were characterized by their irreverent style inspired by 1950s-era rockabilly culture and acts such as The Rolling Stones and The Beatles, and by their comical, profanity- and sex-laden lyrics (in a musical style self-described as "porno rock").[1] Some of their most famous compositions are "Sob um Céu de Blues", "Menstruada", "Estou Amando uma Mulher", "Eu Quis Comer Você" and the 1989 hit "Nêga Bombom".
Corinne Féret (born 17 September 1961) is a French politician. She represents the department of Calvados in the French Senate as a member of the Socialist Party.[1] She was the first woman elected to the Senate for that department.[2]
Fly With Me is a musical with book by Milton Kroopf and Phillip Leavitt, lyrics by Lorenz Hart, and music by Richard Rodgers, with additional lyrics by Oscar Hammerstein II and choreography by Herbert Fields. Written for the 1920 Varsity Show at Columbia University, Fly With Me was the second collaboration between Rodgers and Hart, and incidentally the first work on which Rodgers and Hammerstein cooperated. It was one of the only collaborations between all three men. When Rodgers and Hart originally submitted Fly With Me to the Varsity Show judging committee, the book was rejected, so the songs were adapted to the entry submitted by Kroopf and Leavitt. Hammerstein, a recent graduate who was on the committee, later added two of his own songs, "There's Always Room For One More" and "Weaknesses". The show is set at the "Love Laboratory" of "Bolsheviki U." in 1970, and depicts the overthrow of the Soviet Union by Columbia students.[1]
Fort MacKay/Horizon Airport (IATA: HZP, ICAO: CYNR) is located 12 nautical miles (22 km; 14 mi) north-northwest of Fort McKay, Alberta, Canada.
Barro (French pronunciation: ​[baʁo]) is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Tumaco (Latin: Tumacoënsis) is a suffragan Latin diocese in the Ecclesiastical province of Popayán, in southwestern Colombia.
The 2015 European Juniors Wrestling Championships was held in Istanbul, Turkey between June 23–28, 2015.[1][2]
The coenzyme Q : cytochrome c – oxidoreductase, sometimes called the cytochrome bc1 complex, and at other times complex III, is the third complex in the electron transport chain (EC 1.10.2.2), playing a critical role in biochemical generation of ATP (oxidative phosphorylation). Complex III is a multisubunit transmembrane protein encoded by both the mitochondrial (cytochrome b) and the nuclear genomes (all other subunits). Complex III is present in the mitochondria of all animals and all aerobic eukaryotes and the inner membranes of most eubacteria. Mutations in Complex III cause exercise intolerance as well as multisystem disorders. The bc1 complex contains 11 subunits, 3 respiratory subunits (cytochrome B, cytochrome C1, Rieske protein), 2 core proteins and 6 low-molecular weight proteins.
Michiel Brinkman (1873–1925) was a Dutch architect[1] and the father of Johannes Brinkman the exponent of Nieuwe Bouwen, modern architecture in the Netherlands. Michiel Brinkman is notable for his Justus van Effen housing block complex in Spangen, which is a Rijksmonument, built in 1922.[2] it incorporates 3m wide connecting terraces on the third floor, known in Dutch as Bovenstraten (sing. Bovenstraat), and in English as 'Streets in the sky'.
Vișina is a commune in Dâmbovița County, Muntenia, Romania with a population of 4,103 people. It is composed of three villages: Broșteni, Izvoru, and Vișina.
Margaret Allison "Meg" McDonald[1] (born June 12, 1988[1]) is an American voice actress working for Sentai Filmworks and Funimation. Some of McDonald's major roles in anime are Rikka Takanashi from the Love, Chunibyo & Other Delusions series, Miho Nishizumi in Girls und Panzer, Saika Totsuka in the My Youth Romantic Comedy Is Wrong, As I Expected series, Mei Sagara in Nakaimo - My Sister Is Among Them!, Haruka Saigusa in Little Busters!, Harumi Taniguchi in Citrus and Tamako Kitashirakawa in Tamako Market.
The canton of Ouistreham is an administrative division of the Calvados department, northwestern France. Its borders were modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Ouistreham.[3]
George Mifsud Chircop  (28 June 1951 in Malta – 19 December 2007 in Malta[1]) was a Maltese linguist.  
Arthur Akre (died February 19, 1982) was an American politician. He served as a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives.[1]
Zaamslagveer is a hamlet in the Dutch province of Zeeland. It is a part of the municipality of Terneuzen, and lies about 30 km southeast of Vlissingen.
The Eastern Lower Carniolan subdialect (vzhodnodolenjski govor,[1] vzhodna dolenjščina,[2] vzhodnodolenjsko podnarečje[3]) is a Slovene subdialect in the Lower Carniolan dialect group. It is spoken south of the Lower Sava Valley dialect in the watersheds of the Mirna and Temenica rivers, east of a line running from west of Trebnje and west of Novo Mesto to the lower Krka Valley. The dialect includes the settlements of Kostanjevica na Krki, Krmelj, Mirna, Mokronog, Novo Mesto, Raka, Šentjernej, Šentrupert, Škocjan and Trebnje.[1][3][4]
The BSFA Awards are given every year by the British Science Fiction Association. The BSFA Award for Best Media was given for the best media science fiction or fantasy published in the previous calendar year. It was discontinued in 1992.
Drogomyśl [drɔˈɡɔmɨɕl] (German: Drahomischl, Czech: Drahomyšl) is a village in Gmina Strumień, Cieszyn County, in the Silesian Voivodeship of southern Poland.[1] It has a population of 2,121 (2008).
Poetic tradition is a concept similar to that of the poetic or literary canon (a body of works of significant literary merit, instrumental in shaping Western culture and modes of thought).  The concept of poetic tradition has been commonly used as a part of historical literary criticism, in which a poet or author is evaluated in the context of his historical period, his immediate literary influences or predecessors, and his literary contemporaries.  T. S. Eliot claimed in Tradition and the Individual Talent, published in 1919, that for a poet to fully come into his own, he must be aware of his predecessors, and view the work of his predecessors as living, not dead.  The poetic tradition is a line of descent of poets who have achieved a sublime state and can surrender themselves to their work to create a poem that both builds on existing tradition and stands on its own.
Clayton is a town in Crawford County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 956 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated communities of Montgomeryville, North Clayton, and Yankeetown[3] are located in the town.
Johnny Rosell Trallero [1] is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Spain.
Julia Lohoff (née Wachaczyk; born 13 April 1994) is a German tennis player.
The Lost Medallion: The Adventures of Billy Stone is a 2013 American fantasy adventure film written by Bill Muir. It was later released as a children's book by Muir and Alex Kendrick. The story revolves around Billy Stone (Billy Unger) and Allie (Sammi Hanratty) as amateur archaeologists who find a long lost medallion belonging to an ancient tribal king.[3][4]
Computer Aid International is a not-for-profit organisation active in the field of Information and Communication Technologies for Development. A registered charity, Computer Aid was founded in 1997 to bridge the digital divide by providing refurbished PCs from the UK to educational and non-profit organisations in developing countries.
Georgy Fedorovich Morozov (Russian: Гео́ргий Фёдорович Моро́зов; 7 January 1867 – 9 May 1920) was a forester and biologist in the Russian Empire who introduced the first ecological ideas to classify forest types. He introduced ideas of "the forest as a plant society",which he developed into the definition of the forest as a complex biogeocenotic, geographic and historical phenomenon that was made up of non-living and living components.
Rudolf Ferdinand Spitaler (7 January 1849 – 16 October 1946) was an Austrian astronomer, geophysicist, meteorologist and climatologist.[1][2][3][4]
The 2005 FIBA Europe Under-20 Championship for Women was the fourth edition of the Women's European basketball championship for national under-20 teams. It was held in Brno, Czech Republic, from 1 to 10 July 2005.[1] France women's national under-20 basketball team won the tournament and became the European champions for the first time.
Nodar Natadze (Georgian: ნოდარ ნათაძე; 27 May 1929 – 13 November 2022) was a Georgian literary critic, linguist, and politician, best known as the continuous leader of Popular Front – one of the oldest political groups founded in the last years of Soviet Georgia – since its inception in 1989.
The 2001 Shanghai Sevens was an international rugby sevens tournament that was held in Shanghai, China as the fifth leg of the 2000–01 World Sevens Series. It was the first China Sevens tournament to be hosted as part of  the World Sevens Series, and the event took place at the Yuanshen Stadium on 8–9 April 2001.[1]
Roberts Park Methodist Episcopal Church, whose present-day name is Roberts Park United Methodist Church, was dedicated on August 27, 1876, making it one of the oldest church remaining in downtown Indianapolis. Diedrich A. Bohlen, a German-born architect who immigrated to Indianapolis in the 1850s, designed this early example of Romanesque Revival architecture. The church is considered one of Bohlen's major works. Constructed of Indiana limestone at Delaware and Vermont Streets, it has a rectangular plan and includes a bell tower on the southwest corner. The church is known for its interior woodwork, especially a pair of black-walnut staircases leading to galleries (balconies) surrounding the interior of three sides of its large sanctuary. The church was added to the National Register of Historic Places on August 19, 1982. It is home to one of several Homeless Jesus statues around the world, this one located behind the church on Alabama Street.
Johnson is a populated place situated in Cochise County, Arizona, United States, on the east side of the Little Dragoon Mountains.[2]
Sunny Boy Cereal is a porridge or hot cereal made of wheat, rye, and flax, produced in Camrose, Alberta, Canada. Sunny Boy Cereal is often consumed with the addition of brown sugar and cream.
The Oberlerchner JOB 15 was an Austrian two-seat light aircraft produced by Josef Oberlerchner Holzindustrie, which had previously designed and built gliders.
 The Teaching Assistants Association (TAA) is a graduate student employee union formed at the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1966. It is credited as the first graduate student labor union. Following voluntary recognition by the university as the teaching assistants' bargaining agent in 1969, negotiations resulted in a 1970 strike, which secured "bread-and-butter" gains such as job security alongside grievance procedures. Their major unmet demand from their strike—the inclusion of teaching assistants and students in the course planning process—went unfulfilled. The TAA struck again in 1980 and lost its union recognition until 1986. The union's protest at the Wisconsin State Capitol building began the 2011 Wisconsin protests.
Jaxon is a given name and surname. Notable people with the name include:

Internet censorship in New Zealand refers to the Government of New Zealand's system for filtering website traffic to prevent Internet users from accessing certain selected sites and material. While there are many types of objectionable content under New Zealand law, the filter specifically targets content depicting the sexual abuse or exploitation of children and young persons. The Department of Internal Affairs runs the filtering system, dubbed the Digital Child Exploitation Filtering System (DCEFS). It is voluntary for Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to join.[1]
Western Naval Task Force was the name used for several groups of warships during amphibious landings in World War II:
Following is a sortable table of public charter schools in the U.S. State of Colorado:
The Ahwahnechee are a Native American people who traditionally lived in the Yosemite Valley and still live in surrounding area. They are the seven tribes of Yosemite Miwok, Northern Paiute, Kucadikadi Mono Lake people. As one of the most documented tribes the tribe still fights for Federal Recognition. The Ahwahnechee people's heritage can be found all over Yosemite National Park.[1][2][3]
Events from the year 1676 in Sweden
Rogério "Pará" de Souza Ferreira (born September 13, 1973 in Belém) is a male beach volleyball player from Brazil. He won the gold medal at the 1997 World Championships in Los Angeles, California, partnering Guilherme Marques. Two years later, the couple claimed the bronze medal at the World Championships in Marseille, France.

Mir Humayun Jah Bahadur CIE was an Indian nobleman, politician, theosophist and Indian independence activist who served as a non-official member of Madras Legislative Council from 1866 till 1892[1] and a non-official member of the Imperial Legislative Council from 1893. He was made a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire on January 1, 1880, in the Queen's New Year Honours List.
Area codes 205 and 659 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan (NANP) for the western and central parts of the U.S. State of Alabama, including the cities of Birmingham and Tuscaloosa.

This is a list of Classical Turkish Music composers in alphabetical order:
On 17 June 1980, a coup d'état against President Ziaur Rahman of Bangladesh failed, resulting in the deaths of a few hundred army officers and enlisted men.

"The Inchcape Rock" is a ballad written by English poet Robert Southey. Published in 1802, it tells the story of a 14th-century attempt by the Abbot of Arbroath  ("Aberbrothock") to install a warning bell on Inchcape, a notorious sandstone reef about 11 miles (18 km) off the east coast of Scotland. The poem tells how the bell was removed by a pirate, who subsequently perished on the reef while returning to Scotland in bad weather some time later.
Metod Gabršček (born 27 March 1900 in Laibach; date of death unknown) was a Yugoslav canoeist who competed in the late 1930s.
Lupercalia was a pastoral festival of Ancient Rome observed annually on February 15 to purify the city, promoting health and fertility.[1]  Lupercalia was also known as dies Februatus, after the purification instruments called februa, the basis for the month named Februarius.
Southwest is one of the 26 officially recognized neighborhoods of Syracuse, New York.[1]
Bethel Bible College or Bethel Gospel School was a Bible college founded in 1900 by Charles Parham in Topeka, Kansas, United States. The school is credited with starting the Pentecostal movement due to a series of fasting days that ended in what was interpreted as speaking in tongues on January 1, 1901.[1] Although the school would close later in 1901 after less than two years of operation, the movement itself grew substantially to tens of millions of people around the world.[2]
Yngve Allan Gillis Larsson (born 3 April 1938) is a former Swedish Social Democratic politician. From 1990 to 1991 he served as Minister for Finance.[1]
The 2017 Rolex Paris Masters was a professional men's tennis tournament played on indoor hard courts. It was the 45th edition of the tournament, and part of the World Tour Masters 1000 category of the 2017 ATP World Tour. It took place at the Palais omnisports de Paris-Bercy in Paris, France, between 30 October and 5 November 2017. The event was the final professional tennis tournament for French player Paul-Henri Mathieu, who received wildcards into the singles qualifying and doubles draws.[1]
Georges Armand Deschamps[1] (October 18, 1911 — June 20, 1998) was a French American engineer and Professor Emeritus at the Department of Electrical Engineering at University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. He is best known for his contributions to electromagnetic theory, microwave engineering and antenna theory. He is also regarded as an early pioneer of microstrip and patch antennas, which he proposed in 1953.

Jun Ke Choy (Chinese: 蔡增基; pinyin: Cài Zēngjī; Wade–Giles: Tsai Tseng-chi; 1892 – July 9, 1981)[1] was a Chinese American politician who served as mayor of Hangzhou and the 14th chairman of the China Merchants Steamship Company Group, now known as China Merchants Group.[2] He was also the founder of the Chinese Culture Center in San Francisco. Choy is commonly known as J.K. Choy.
Silver Creek is a tributary of Saucon Creek in Northampton County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 3.2 miles (5.1 km) long and flows through Lower Saucon Township and Hellertown.[1] The watershed of the creek has an area of 2.89 square miles (7.5 km2). The creek is a very small stream that is urban in its lower reaches. However, it is not designated as an impaired waterbody and is inhabited by trout. The creek has been a major source of flooding in Hellertown.
An architectural style is a set of characteristics and features that make a building or structure notable or historically identifiable.[1] It is a sub-class of style in the visual arts generally, and most styles in architecture relate closely to a wider contemporary artistic style. A style may include such elements as form, method of construction, building materials, and regional character. Most architecture can be classified within a chronology of styles which changes over time, reflecting changing fashions, beliefs and religions, or the emergence of new ideas, technology, or materials which make new styles possible.
Alikhanov (Russian: Алиханов, Azerbaijani: Əlixanov) is a Russian and Azerbaijani surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Walter Boyce (born 25 October 1946) is a Canadian former rally racer. He is the only Canadian to win a World Rally Championship event, which he managed at the 1973 Press-on-Regardless Rally in the United States. He took his second podium finish at the 1974 Rally of the Rideau Lakes in his home country, finishing third behind Sandro Munari and Simo Lampinen.[1] Boyce was inducted into the Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame in 2003.[2]
İbrahimhacılı (also, Ibrogim-Gadzhyly, Ibragim-Gadzhaly, and Ibragim Gadzhyly) is a village and municipality in the Tovuz Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 3,838. 
Miroslav Grumić (Serbian Cyrillic: Мирослав Грумић; born 29 June 1984) is a Serbian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Hungarian club Szentlőrinc.
Euskadiko Ezkerra (EE; English: Basque Country Left) was a Basque socialist political organisation. It was founded as a coalition of  Euskal Iraultzarako Alderdia (EIA, Basque Party for Revolution or Party for Basque Revolution) and other Basque Marxist forces in 1977 to present lists for the Spanish general elections in the constituencies of Vizcaya, Guipúzcoa and Álava, while Navarrese Left Union (UNAI), an allied coalition, was to present a list in the constituency of Navarre.
Antônio Carlos Rodrigues dos Santos Júnior, better known as Antônio (born March 30, 1989), is a Brazilian defensive midfielder. He currently plays for Flamengo.
Empress Hu (胡皇后, personal name unknown; died after 581) was an empress consort and empress dowager of the Chinese Northern Qi dynasty. Her husband was Emperor Wucheng (Gao Zhan). She was the empress dowager during the reign of her son Gao Wei. Hu was known to be debauched and promiscuous, having multiple love affairs even with eunuchs. Even after the Northern Qi was overthrown by the Northern Zhou, she continued to have affairs with the new emperors until she died in the Sui dynasty.[1]

The Outstanding Parliamentarian Award is an award given by the Indian Parliamentary Group to an outstanding sitting Member of the Indian Parliament  for overall contribution in the Indian Parliament. It was instituted in 1995 by Shivraj Patil, who was the Speaker of Lok Sabha from 1991 to 1996.[1]
Aidan Hartley (born 1965) is a Kenyan/British writer and entrepreneur.
Clans (French pronunciation: [klɑ̃] (listen)) is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Richard Holt Locke (June 11, 1941 – September 25, 1996) was an American actor in gay erotic films of the 1970s and 1980s, who went on to become an AIDS educator and activist.[1] As a performer in adult cinema, Locke has been credited with being one of the "earliest and most widely emulated VCR stars" in gay erotic cinema, as well as someone whose performance and physicality contributed to the evolution of gay sexual behavior in the 1970s and 1980s.[2]
The James Alvis House at 1311 Pole Line Rd. in Twin Falls in Twin Falls County, Idaho was built in 1918.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
Bandar Charak Rural District (Persian: دهستان بندرچارك) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Shibkaveh District of Bandar Lengeh County, Hormozgan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 4,435, in 798 families.[1]  The rural district has 20 villages.
Battle Run is a 3.06 mi (4.92 km) long 1st order tributary to Little Wheeling Creek in Ohio County, West Virginia.
Iron Will is a 1994 American adventure film.  It is based on the true story of a 1917 dog-sled race from Winnipeg, Manitoba to Saint Paul, Minnesota, a 522-mile-long stretch and part of the "Red River-St. Paul Sports Carnival Derby."[2] It is directed by Charles Haid, and stars Mackenzie Astin, Kevin Spacey, David Ogden Stiers, George Gerdes, Brian Cox, John Terry, Penelope Windust and August Schellenberg.
Southeast Whitfield High School is a public high school in unincorporated Whitfield County, Georgia, United States, with a Dalton postal address.[3][4] It is part of the Whitfield County School District and competes athletically in the 7-AAAA Division of the Georgia High School Association (GHSA).
Charles Massey Enwright (October 6, 1887 – January 19, 1917) was a shortstop in Major League Baseball.
Nous is the sixth studio album by Québécois singer and musician Daniel Bélanger, and was released in 2009.[1] It was a Juno Award nominee for Francophone Album of the Year at the Juno Awards of 2011.[2]

Douglas Walker (born 28 July 1973 in Inverness), also known as Doug or Dougie Walker, is a former Scottish sprinter. He represented Scotland at the Commonwealth Games in 1994 and 1998. He was a relay medallist at the 1997 World Championships in Athletics and at the 1998 European Athletics Championships he claimed a 200 metres/relay gold medal double.

Central Coast Mariners FC is an Australian professional association football club based in Gosford, on the Central Coast of New South Wales, which competes in the top tier of Australian football (soccer), for the 2016–17 season. The club was formed in 2004, and were the only regional club included in the A-League's inaugural season in 2005–06.[1] They have played in all 17 A-League Men seasons.
DeDe Lind (born Diane Lind) was an American glamour model famous for her appearance in Playboy magazine as the Playmate of the Month for August 1967.
West Coast cricket team was a cricket team nominally representing the West Coast of the North Island of New Zealand, but actually from Wanganui.[1]
Bay Kamara is a Dutch-Senegalese player who plays for the Egyptian Premier League side Aswan SC as a winger[1][2][3][4]
The 1999 Australian GT Production Car Championship was an Australian motor racing competition open to cars complying with Group 3E Series Production Car regulations. It was the sanctioned by the Confederation of Australian Motor Sport as an Australian title[1] and was the fourth Australian GT Production Car Championship.[2]
MV Salish is a Kwa-di Tabil-class ferry built at Todd Pacific Shipyards in Seattle, Washington for the Washington State Ferries. The vessel was put into service on July 1, 2011 on the Port Townsend-Coupeville (Keystone, Whidbey Island) route.[1]
Marianka [maˈrjaŋka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gomunice, within Radomsko County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) south of Gomunice, 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Radomsko, and 73 km (45 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
The 2023 New South Wales Rugby League Presidents Cup will be a competition to determine the best semi-professional Rugby League team in New South Wales. It will be the fourth season of the competition. The winners of each conference will play a 2 week knockout series to determine the Presidents Cup winners.
Samer Al Marta (Arabic: سامر المرطة, born 1 July 1972) is a Kuwaiti footballer who is a defender for the Kuwaiti Premier League club Al Kuwait.[1]
John Masiarcyzk Sr. is the former and inaugural mayor of the city of Deltona, Florida.
Princess Asuka (明日香皇女, Asuka no himemiko) (died 700) was a Japanese princess during the Asuka Period.[1] She was a daughter of Emperor Tenji. Her mother was Lady Tachibana, whose father was Abe no Kurahashi Maro.
Gierłoż [ˈɡʲɛrwɔʂ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ostróda, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1]
Authority Zero is an American punk rock band from Mesa, Arizona, United States, formed in 1994.[1] The band's style is rooted in reggae and skate punk, with Spanish/Portuguese influences.[2] They have released seven albums to date, two DVDs and nine singles. The band regularly tours North America, Europe and Japan.

John Carmichael OAM (born 5 October 1930) is an Australian pianist, composer and music therapist who has long been resident in the United Kingdom.  One of his best known works is the Concierto folklorico for piano and string orchestra.  His works for piano form much of his musical output, although he composes for many other instruments.  His work is described as expressive and lyrical.
The White Dog Cafe is the name of four restaurants located in the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area.[1] The restaurants employ dog-themed decor.[2] The first restaurant was founded in University City, Philadelphia by Judy Wicks in 1983.[3][4][5] Noted for its commitment to local food and environmental stewardship,[4][6][5] it became a Philadelphia institution.[7] In 1993 Conde Nast Traveler magazine recognized the White Dog Cafe as one of "50 American restaurants worth the journey".[8][9]
Ralph Anthony "Iggy" Ignatowski (April 8, 1926 – March 7, 1945) was a United States Marine Corps private who was captured and killed by the Japanese in the Battle of Iwo Jima during World War II. He was a member of the Marine rifle company platoon that climbed to the top of Mount Suribachi and raised the American flag on February 23, 1945.
Roadtrip Nation is an educational production company based out of Costa Mesa, California that produces the eponymous public television documentary series Roadtrip Nation.
William Carlton Eacho III (born 1954)[1] is the former United States Ambassador to Austria.[2][3] Eacho was nominated by President Barack Obama in June 2009. He was confirmed by the US Senate and sworn in during August 2009.[4] He succeeded David F. Girard-diCarlo  as ambassador in 2009 and was succeeded by Alexa Wesner in September 2013. Eacho serves as Chairman of the Board at IFES, The International Foundation for Electoral Systems. Eacho is a co-founder and CEO of The Partnership For Responsible Growth,[5] a bipartisan organization advocating for US legislation for a price on carbon emissions to counter the climate change threat.[6]
Microsoft Hyper-V, codenamed Viridian,[1] and briefly known before its release as Windows Server Virtualization, is a native hypervisor; it can create virtual machines on x86-64 systems running Windows.[2] Starting with Windows 8, Hyper-V superseded Windows Virtual PC as the hardware virtualization component of the client editions of Windows NT. A server computer running Hyper-V can be configured to expose individual virtual machines to one or more networks.
Hyper-V was first released with Windows Server 2008, and has been available without additional charge since Windows Server 2012 and Windows 8.  A standalone Windows Hyper-V Server is free, but has a command-line interface only.  The last version of free Hyper-V Server is Hyper-V Server 2019, which is based on Windows Server 2019.
40°43′59″N 74°00′40″W﻿ / ﻿40.733113°N 74.01103°W﻿ / 40.733113; -74.01103
A kitchen utensil is a small hand held tool used for food preparation.  Common kitchen tasks include cutting food items to size, heating food on an open fire or on a stove, baking, grinding, mixing, blending, and measuring; different utensils are made for each task. A general purpose utensil such as a chef's knife may be used for a variety of foods; other kitchen utensils are highly specialized and may be used only in connection with preparation of a particular type of food, such as an egg separator or an apple corer.  Some specialized utensils are used when an operation is to be repeated many times, or when the cook has limited dexterity or mobility. The number of utensils in a household kitchen varies with time and the style of cooking.
Homberg (Ohm) (German pronunciation: [ˈhɔmbɛʁk] (listen)) is a town in the Vogelsbergkreis in Hesse, Germany.
Sandra Kornelia Zwolle (born 15 March 1971) is a retired speed skater from the Netherlands who was active between 1988 and 1999. She competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics in the 500 m and 1000 m and finished in 17th and 15th place, respectively.[1] She won a bronze medal in the 1500 m at the world championships in 1996 and a silver medal in the 1000 m in 1997. Nationally, she won the 1000 m in 1995 and 1996 and collected more than ten silver and bronze medals in various disciplines between 1991 and 1999.[2]
Chim Chim Cheree and Other Children's Choices is a children's album by Burl Ives backed by Disneyland's Children's Chorus. It was released in 1964 by Disneyland Records (catalog no. ST-3927). The album was recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders in Hollywood. Salvado "Tutti" Camarata, the musical director at Disneyland Records, was the album's producer. The audio engineers were Bruce Botnick, known for his later work with The Doors, and Brian Ross-Myring.[1]
Gerdab-e Kebir (Persian: گرداب كبير, also Romanized as Gerdāb-e Kebīr; also known as Gerdāb-e Soflá)[1] is a village in Vahdat Rural District, Mugarmun District, Landeh County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 158, in 27 families.[2]
Phoenicia (Arabic: فينيسيا pronounced féniisya in Arabic) was a Montreal-based Canadian Lebanese / pan-Arab publication that started in December 2003 as a weekly newspaper. 
Rififi in Tokyo (French: Rififi à Tokyo) is a 1963 French-Italian crime film directed by Jacques Deray and starring Karlheinz Böhm, Charles Vanel and Barbara Lass.[1]
Vikøy Church (Norwegian: Vikøy kyrkje) is a parish church of the Church of Norway in Kvam Municipality in Vestland county, Norway. It is located in the village of Vikøy, a few kilometers south of the municipal centre of Norheimsund. It is one of the churches for the Vikøy parish which is part of the Hardanger og Voss prosti (deanery) in the Diocese of Bjørgvin. The white, wooden church was built in a long church design in 1838 using plans drawn up by the architect Hans Linstow. The church seats about 300 people.[1][2]
Culhat is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
The 2018 Tour Challenge was held from November 6 to 11 at the Tournament Centre in Thunder Bay, Ontario. This was the third Grand Slam of the 2018–19 curling season.
The Carlo Cattaneo University (Italian: Libera Università Carlo Cattaneo, LIUC) is a proprietary, for-profit university located in Castellanza, Italy.
Gilbert Vanderwerken (5 February 1810 – 22 January 1894) was a businessman and manufacturer of omnibuses in the 19th century.
Chinese Whispers: The True Story Behind Britain's Hidden Army of Labour is a non-fiction book by UK-based journalist and author Hsiao-Hung Pai, first published in 2008. It is about the lives of migrant workers from China in the UK. The book was shortlisted for the 2009 Orwell Prize[1] and reviewed by The Wall Street Journal.[2] To research the book, Pai went undercover.
Walter Neugebauer (sometimes Slavicized as Valter Nojgebauer;[1] 28 March 1921 – 31 May 1992) was a Croatian comic book artist and animator. Neugebauer is considered one of the founders of comics in Croatia, along with Andrija Maurović.[2]
The Saragossa Opening  is a chess opening defined by the opening move:
Fountain Hill is a borough in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population of Fountain Hill was 4,832 at the 2020 census, an increase over the figure of 4,597 tabulated in 2010. It is part of the Lehigh Valley metropolitan area, which had a population of 861,899 and was the 68th-most populous metropolitan area in the U.S. as of the 2020 census.
Roger de Port was an Anglo-Norman nobleman and Baron of Kington.
Stellar Crusade is a 4X strategy video game released in 1988 by Strategic Simulations.  Players control one or both of two spacefaring empires at war with each other, depending on whether it is played in a single-player campaign or multiplayer.
Zhu Youyuan (Chinese: 朱祐杬; pinyin: Zhū Yòuyuán; 22 July 1476 – 13 July 1519), was a prince of the Ming dynasty of China. He was the fourth son of the Chenghua Emperor.
Gonzalo Escudero Moscoso (Quito, September 28, 1903 – Brussels, December 10, 1971) was an Ecuadorian poet and diplomat.
Uzbekistan Second League (Uzbek: O'zbekiston Ikkinchi ligasi / Ўзбекистон Иккинчи лигаси; Russian: Вторая лига Узбекистана) is the fourth level (after the Super League, Pro League and Pro B League) football league in Uzbekistan. 
Rej Volpato (born 27 August 1986) is an Italian footballer who plays as a striker.
Labrador (/ˈlæbrədɔːr/ LAB-rə-dor) is a geographic and cultural region within the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It is the primarily continental portion of the province and constitutes 71% of the province's area but is home to only 6% of its population. It is separated from the island of Newfoundland by the Strait of Belle Isle. It is the largest and northernmost geographical region in the four Atlantic provinces.
Trijntje Cornelisdochter Keever (10 or 16 April 1616 – 2 July 1633), nicknamed De Groote Meid (in English, The Big Girl), is alleged to be the tallest female person in recorded history, standing 9 Amsterdam feet[1] or 2.55 metres (8 ft 4.4 in)[2] tall at the time of her death at age seventeen.
Hezekiah Balch, D.D. (1741–1810) was a Presbyterian minister and the founder of Greeneville College (Greeneville, Tennessee) in 1794.  After the Civil War, Greeneville College merged with what is now Tusculum University.
Krzewina [kʂɛˈvina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kaczory, within Piła County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1]
Rorschach is an American comic book limited series written by Tom King and drawn by Jorge Fornés. The series is published by DC Comics under their DC Black Label imprint.[1] The series is a sequel to both the comic book maxiseries Watchmen by Alan Moore and Dave Gibbons, and the television limited series of the same name by Damon Lindelof, which also served as a sequel to the same comic book series.[2]
Fiałki [ˈfjau̯ki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Górzno, within Brodnica County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.[1] It lies 2 kilometres (1 mi) east of Górzno, 19 km (12 mi) east of Brodnica, and 73 km (45 mi) east of Toruń.
Dwayne Megens (born September 6, 1994), better known by his stage name D-wayne, is a Dutch house music DJ and record producer.[1] He releases materials through Nervous specialized house label, Steve Aoki's Dim Mak label, Spinnin' Records and most recently on Wall Recordings, Afrojack's record label.[2]
Nyhedsavisen was a Danish free daily newspaper based on a new concept of distributing a free newspaper to 500,000 Danish homes that became the most read in the country within 18 month of launch. It was owned by investment and advisory catalyst LundXY.
Mosetsanagape Margaret Mokomele-Mothibi is a South African politician who represented the African National Congress (ANC) in the North West Provincial Legislature until 2014, when she failed to gain re-election. She served as the North West's Member of the Executive Council (MEC) for Social Development, Women, Children and People with Disabilities from November 2010 to June 2013 under Premier Thandi Modise. She was fired from the Executive Council after she admitted that she had used public funds to attend the ANC's 52nd National Conference in December 2012. 
The 2019 season is Haugesund's 10th season in the Tippeligaen following their promotion in 2009.

Tonkin Island (67°49′S 65°3′W﻿ / ﻿67.817°S 65.050°W﻿ / -67.817; -65.050) is a narrow, ice-capped island in Antarctica.   It is 3.5 nautical miles (6 km) long in a north-south direction, marked by ice-free peaks at each end, lying 11 nautical miles (20 km) southeast of Choyce Point, Bowman Coast, in Larsen Ice Shelf. The island was discovered and photographed from the air by the United States Antarctic Service (USAS) in 1940. It was charted by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1947 and named after John E. Tonkin, FIDS general assistant at Stonington Island, 1945–47; named Lewis Island by Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) following additional aerial photography, 1947. The names Isla Mateo de Toro Zambrano and Isla Riquelme, referring to the north and south parts of this feature shown as two islands, appear on a Chilean hydrographic chart, 1947.
The 1988 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season was the 40th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.
Ziyad al-Nakhalah (Arabic: زياد نخالة; April 6, 1953) is a Palestinian militant, leader of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) since 28 September 2018,[2] which has been designated a terrorist organisation by the United States,[3] the European Union,[4] the United Kingdom,[5] Japan,[6] Canada,[7] Australia,[8] New Zealand[9][10] and Israel. Al-Nakhalah was designated a Specially Designated Terrorist by the United States in 2014.[11]
Tory Food Co, Ltd. (hangul:토리식품) is a Korean food company. Headquartered in Dongmak-ri, Gonggeom-myeon, Sangju, Gyeongsangbuk-do, it was established in 2001. It manufactures living food products and food under the brand Arirang Torirang (아리랑 토리랑).[1]

Sir Seretse Khama Barracks Stadium, popularly known as SSKB Stadium, is a multi-use stadium in Mogoditshane, Kweneng, Botswana. It is used mostly for football matches and serves as the home stadium of Botswana Defence Force XI. The stadium holds 5,000 people. The stadium is owned by the Botswana Defence Force (BDF). The pitch is encircled by an athletics track.

Armenians in the Ottoman Empire include:
Ackerly Creek is a tributary of South Branch Tunkhannock Creek in Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 8.7 miles (14.0 km) long and flows through South Abington Township, Waverly Township, Glenburn Township, Dalton, and La Plume Township.[1] The creek has several unnamed tributaries and drains an area of nearly 18 square miles (47 km2). Ackerly Creek is not designated as an impaired waterbody, but it is impacted by some water quality problems. In one reach, the creek flows through Rabbit Hollow, which is set aside as a preserve. The creek experiences some erosion due to its banks being managed and straightened where it flows alongside US Route 6 and US Route 11.
The Ruhrstahl Ru 344 X-4 or Ruhrstahl-Kramer RK 344[1] was a wire-guided air-to-air missile designed by Germany during World War II. The X-4 did not see operational service and thus was not proven in combat but inspired considerable post-war work around the world, and was the basis for the development of several ground-launched anti-tank missiles.[citation needed]
The 2009–10 Netball Superleague (known for sponsorship reasons as the Co-operative Netball Superleague) was the fifth season of the Netball Superleague. The league was won by Team Bath. Surrey Storm finished top of the table after the regular season but subsequently lost to both Team Bath and Hertfordshire Mavericks in the playoffs. For a fourth season out of five, Team Bath defeated Mavericks in the grand final.
Loukovice is a municipality and village in Třebíč District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 100 inhabitants.
Michael Paul Shaw (May 9, 1957 – September 11, 2010) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for his stint in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as Norman the Lunatic, and as Bastion Booger in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE).
Zapusta [zaˈpusta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszyna, within Lubań County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1]
BNY Mellon Center is a 54-story office skyscraper located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The height to its structural top is 792 ft (241 m). Construction was completed in 1990. The building was formerly called Mellon Bank Center until 2009, when it was renamed as part of a branding initiative for the newly formed Bank of New York Mellon. In early 2019, the building was sold for $451.6 million to Silverstein Properties, a record for a Philadelphia property.[1]
Women in combat refers to female military personnel assigned to combat positions. The role of women in the military has varied across the world’s major countries throughout history with several views for and against women in combat.
HD 21447 is a probable binary star[9] system located in the constellation Camelopardalis. The star is also known as HR 1046. It can be viewed with the naked eye, having an apparent visual magnitude of 5.09.[2] Based upon an annual parallax shift of 16.42±0.29 mas,[1] it is located some 199 light years from the Sun. It is a candidate for membership in the Ursa Major Moving Group.[10]
Hatching, Matching and Dispatching is a Canadian television sitcom, which aired on CBC Television on 2006.[1] The show starred Mary Walsh as Mamie Lou Furey, the matriarch of a family in Cats Gut Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador who owns a combination ambulance, wedding and funeral business.[2] The show's title — and a basic summary of its premise — had previously appeared as a one-time gag in a "Wake of the Week" sketch on CODCO.
Nyra Cebella Williams (born September 2, 1998) is an American college basketball player for Virginia Commonwealth University (VCU).[1]
Syriac Union Party in Syria (Syriac: ܓܒܐ ܕܚܘܝܕܐ ܣܘܪܝܝܐ, romanized: Gabo d'Ḥuyodo Suryoyo, Arabic: حزب الإتحاد السرياني في سوريا, SUP) is a secular Assyrian/Syriac political party in Syria that represents the interests of Assyrians in Syria and is committed to the Dawronoye modernization ideology.[2] Established on 1 October 2005, since the start of the Syrian Civil War it has positioned itself on the side of secular, democratic, socialist and federalist Kurdish forces in Rojava, skeptical of both the Ba'athist Syrian government of Bashar al-Assad and the National Coalition for Syrian Revolutionary and Opposition Forces.
Kenneth D. Peach, Sr. (March 6, 1903 – February 27, 1988) was an American cinematographer.
The Izvorul Dorului is a right tributary of the river Prahova in Romania.[1][2] It discharges into the Prahova in Sinaia. Its length is 16 km (9.9 mi) and its basin size is 33 km2 (13 sq mi).[2]
Convergence is an album by David Arkenstone and David Lanz, released in 1996. It is a compilation of tracks from Narada releases such as A Childhood Remembered and The Narada Wilderness Collection.
Hryhorii Husarov (born September 7, 1993 in Kharkiv) is a Ukrainian taekwondo practitioner.[1][2] At the 2012 Summer Olympics, he competed in the Men's 68 kg competition, reaching the quarterfinals.
Messaoud El Medioni (born 25 November 1886 in Oran), also known as Saoud l'Oranais, was an Algerian band leader and proprietor of the original Café Oran. He was the uncle of Algerian pianist Maurice El Mediouni. 
Strmec pri Destrniku (pronounced [ˈstəɾməts pɾi ˈdeːstəɾniku]) is a small settlement in the hills northwest of Destrnik in northeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The entire Municipality of Destrnik is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.[2]
Poca is a town in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 875 at the 2020 census.[2] It is part of the Huntington–Ashland metropolitan area.[5] The town derives its name from the Pocatalico River.[6]
Nils Diederich (born 6 May 1934)[1] is a German Social Democratic Party politician and political scientist. He served as a member of the German Bundestag from 1976 to 1987 and 1989 to 1994.[1] He is professor emeritus for political science, focusing on political sociology, at the Free University of Berlin.[2][3]
He has a diplom in economics and joined the SPD in 1952.[3][1] In the Bundestag, he was a member of the finance and budget committees.[3]
"Nothing Ever Hurt Like You" is a song written by James Morrison, teaming up with Paul Barry and Mark Taylor. The single, released in the U.S. only on 2008, is listed on his second major studio album Songs for You, Truths for Me, which has been available for U.K. purchase since 29 September via Polydor.[1]
The song enjoyed modest success in the U.S. thanks to AAA Radio, in which the song remained in the Top 20 for most of 2009, peaking at number 1 on the chart.
The song was released as the UK fourth single from the album in July.
Philippe-Napoléon Pacaud (January 22, 1812 – July 27, 1884) was a Quebec notary and Patriote.
Coors Field is a baseball stadium in downtown Denver, Colorado. It is the ballpark of Major League Baseball's Colorado Rockies. Opened in 1995, the park is located in Denver's Lower Downtown neighborhood, two blocks from Union Station. The stadium has a capacity of 50,144 people for baseball.
0°23′54″S 78°48′34″W﻿ / ﻿0.39833°S 78.80944°W﻿ / -0.39833; -78.80944
Hog Run is a tributary of Elk Run in Sullivan County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 2.0 miles (3.2 km) long and flows through Davidson Township.[1] The watershed of the stream has an area of 1.05 square miles (2.7 km2). The stream is considered to be impaired by atmospheric deposition and metals. Wisconsinan Ice-Contact Stratified Drift, Wisconsinan Till, and bedrock consisting of shale and sandstone occur in the stream's vicinity.
 Opposition:
Michael Graham Saunders (11 June 1920 – 3 April 1975) was a Neurophysiologist, Medical Doctor, and Medical Researcher who was fundamental in the development of the Electroencephalography, as well as a strong advocate for the advancement of computer use in medicine.
The Constitutional Conference of the Russian Federation (Russian: Конституционное совещание Российской Федерации) was a consultative institution of representatives of government bodies, local authorities and public organizations, convened by the order[1] of the Russian President Boris Yeltsin in 1993 to complete the preparation of an alternative draft of Constitution of the Russian Federation.
Kägi Söhne AG (from German, lit. "Kägi Sons") is a Swiss confectioner and chocolate producer based in Lichtensteig (St. Gallen). The chocolate-covered wafer specialty Kägi fret from the eastern region in Switzerland, Toggenburg, are available in various flavours and are manufactured by Kägi Söhne AG, Toggenburgerwaffeln- & Biscuitfabrik.   
Dinn Corporation was a roller coaster designing and manufacturing company established in West Chester, Ohio, in 1983 by Charles Dinn. The company is noted for moving and rebuilding several existing wooden coasters and building ten new wooden roller coasters in the United States.[1]
The Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force Steel Orchestra (TTDFSO) is a specialized military band that is part of the Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force. It has its roots in British traditions for military bands, all while also uniquely using unconventional instruments such as steelpans and other native Trinidadian instruments. The 40 member band is currently the only military steel band in the world.[1]
Amiran Shkalim (Hebrew: עמירן שקלים; born 23 March 1988) is an Israeli retired footballer.
Piscanivirinae is a virus subfamily of the family Tobaniviridae within the order Nidovirales which comprises different fish viruses. The virions have a viral envelope and a positive-sense single-stranded RNA genome which is linear and unsegmented.
The Denzel automobile was an early competitor to Porsche in Vienna, Austria beginning in 1948.  Although some automobile historians have relegated this marque to the category of a builder of "specials", the Denzel was manufactured for approximately 7–8 years after 5 years of development with total output approaching 300 units ending in 1959 according to the biography of Wolfgang Denzel on the company web site.
Paolo Vineis[1] (born 10 October 1951, in Alba) is an Italian professor of Environmental Epidemiology at Imperial College London.[2] His main work is on the impact of environmental changes (including air pollution and climate change) on human health and molecules. This includes the use of omics technologies in epidemiological studies, that is the quantitative measurement of global sets of molecules in biological samples using high-throughput techniques, in combination with advanced biostatistics and bioinformatics tools. In particular, the study of epigenomic changes in DNA is currently one of the most promising fields for the identification of long-term environmental fingerprints. The development of the concept of exposome (with Chris Wild, Director of the World Health Organization's International Agency for Research on Cancer,  and Stephen Rappaport and Martyn Smith of University of California, Berkeley's School of Public Health), led to Professor Vineis being awarded a grant from the European Commission (Seventh Framework Programme) in 2012[3] on exposome research (EXPOsOMICS).[4] The exposome refers to the totality of internal and external exposures which interact at a cellular and systems level to generate a metabolic/ molecular signature which can be used to gain new understanding of the transition from health to disease. Paolo Vineis is also the coordinator of the Horizon 2020[5] LIFEPATH project,[6] whose aim is to understand the determinants of diverging ageing pathways among individuals belonging to different socio-economic groups. This is achieved by integrating social science approaches with biology, using omics measurements (particularly epigenomics). Paolo Vineis is also the director of the Unit of Molecular and Genetic Epidemiology, Italian Institute of Genomic Medicine  (IIGM), Turin, Italy.[7] Professor Vineis has published many research articles on environmental risks and has written several books on health, causality and the ethics of health care.
The Wiesner Family is a renowned Colombian Family of German heritage. They emigrated to Colombia in the eighteenth century. The founder of the family was a German mineralogist and engineer born in Freiberg, Saxony, Germany who served as Director of Mines designated by Simon Bolivar. Family members served the country, as Minister of Finance, a Physician, lawyers, engineers, and businessman.[1]
Jane Jeanette Jacobs [Badini] (June 16, 1924 – September 13, 2015) was an American pitcher who played from 1944 through 1947 in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League. Listed at 5 ft 4 in (1.63 m), 130 lb., she batted and threw right-handed.[1]
Trezzo sull'Adda (Milanese: Trezz [ˈtrɛts]) is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Milan on the Adda River.

Theodore Henry Broadhead (3 December 1767 – 12 December 1820) was an English army officer and politician.[1]
William 'Chege' Ouma is a Kenyan former footballer.[1]
We Are Young (Chinese: 少年之名; pinyin: Shàonián zhī míng) is a 2020 Chinese male group reality competition show, which premiered on June 26, 2020 at Youku, and consists of 10 episodes. The show focuses on 84 male trainees which compete to debut in the winning 7-member group, S.K.Y. 
Addiction modules are toxin-antitoxin systems. Each consists of a pair of genes that specify two components: a stable toxin and an unstable antitoxin that interferes with the lethal action of the toxin. Found first in E. coli on low copy number plasmids, addiction modules are responsible for a process called the postsegregational killing effect. When bacteria lose these plasmid(s) (or other extrachromosomal elements), the cured cells are selectively killed because the unstable antitoxin is degraded faster than the more stable toxin. The term "addiction" is used because the cell depends on the de novo synthesis of the antitoxin for cell survival. Thus, addiction modules are implicated in maintaining the stability of extrachromosomal elements.
Claremont is a village in Richland County, Illinois, United States. The population was 212 at the 2000 census.
Kovid Foythong (Thai โกวิทย์ ฝอยทอง) is a Thai former football player. He was a defender with the national team from 1992 to 2000.[1] Besides Thailand, he has played in Germany.[2]
A publishing contract is a legal contract between a publisher and a writer or author (or more than one), to publish original content by the writer(s) or author(s). This may involve a single written work, or a series of works.
The Forty-Niners is a 1932 American western film directed by John P. McCarthy and starring Tom Tyler, Betty Mack and Fern Emmett. It was produced by the independent Poverty Row company Monarch Film Corporation.[1]
The Roman Catholic Diocese of Grenoble–Vienne-les-Allobroges (Latin: Diocesis Gratianopolitana–Viennensis Allobrogum; French: Diocèse de Grenoble–Vienne-les-Allobroges) is a diocese of the Latin Church of the Roman Catholic Church in south-eastern France. The diocese, erected in the 4th century as the Diocese of Grenoble, comprises the department of Isère and the former canton of Villeurbanne (Rhône), in the Region of Rhône-Alpes. In 2006, the name was changed from the diocese of Grenoble to the diocese of Grenoble–Vienne. The current bishop is Jean-Marc Eychenne, appointed on September 14, 2022.
Linas (French pronunciation: [linas] (listen) or [lina]) is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.

The Fuse Kofun (布勢古墳) is a Kofun period burial mound located in the Fuse neighborhood of the city of  Tottori, Tottori Prefecture in the San'in region of Japan. The tumulus was designated a National Historic Site of Japan in 1974. [1]
Eugenijus Petrovas (born 26 April 1936 in Leningrad) is a Lithuanian politician. In 1990 he was among those who signed the Act of the Re-Establishment of the State of Lithuania.
The Swedish Food Workers' Union (Swedish: Livsmedelsarbetareförbundet, Livs) is a trade union representing workers in the food and drink industries in Sweden.
Kristal University was an Albanian for-profit privately owned University. It was established in 2005 with decision no. 761 of the Council of Ministers of the Republic of Albania and licensed by the Ministry of Education and Science.[1]  It was closed in 2014 by the Ministry of Education for failing to comply to legal requirements.[2]
Saint Africus was a 7th-century French Roman Catholic saint about whom very little is known. He was the Confessor of Comminges and also the bishop of Comminges in southern France (Haute-Garonne).
Never Sleep Again: The Elm Street Legacy is a 2010 American direct-to-video documentary film that chronicles the entire Nightmare on Elm Street franchise, except for the 2010 remake. The documentary also explores the rise of New Line Cinema.  Written by Thommy Hutson, produced by Daniel Farrands and Thommy Hutson, and co-directed by Daniel Farrands and Andrew Kasch. Heather Langenkamp, who portrayed Nancy Thompson in three of the Nightmare films, served as the project's executive producer and narrator.[2][3][4][5][6] As of February 2019, the documentary has grossed over $400k from video sales.
Anne Heurgon-Desjardins (born 1899 – 1977, Manche) was a French philanthropist, the founder of the Centre culturel international de Cerisy-la-Salle.
Wesley Shellie Wilson (October 1, 1893 – October 10, 1958),[4] often credited as Kid Wilson, was an American blues and jazz singer and songwriter.[2] His stagecraft and performances with his wife and musical partner, Coot Grant, were popular with African American audiences in the 1910s, 1920s and early 1930s.[3][5]
New Hope Township is a non-functioning administrative division of Iredell County, North Carolina, United States. By the requirements of the North Carolina Constitution of 1868, the counties were divided into townships, which included New Hope township as one of sixteen townships in Iredell County.[1][2][3][4]
Václav Pavlis (7 March 1930 – 24 December 2007) was a football goalkeeper from Czechoslovakia. He was a member of the national team.
"Booty Music" is a song performed by the Florida-based Crunk group Git Fresh (formerly known as DeepSide).[2][3] Produced by T-Pain, the song is the first single released by the group since they signed with the label So So Def Recordings in 2008 under the name Git Fresh, so named to represent a new beginning for their careers.[3][4] Despite being a crunk song, the title "booty music" refers to Miami bass, a subgenre of hip hop music which originated in Miami, Florida.[2]
Wiesława Krystyna Nizioł (pronounced ['viɛswava 'krɨstɨna 'niziɔw]) is a Polish mathematician, director of research at CNRS, based at Institut mathématique de Jussieu. Her research concerns arithmetic geometry, and in particular p-adic Hodge theory, Galois representations, and p-adic cohomology.

Willis Nelson Dysart (March 15, 1923 in Omega, Georgia - November 8, 2011)[1] was an American mental calculator. His talent for arithmetic emerged at the age of three after his mother taught him to count. He quit school in the third grade (age 9) and pursued a career as a lightning calculator.[2][3][4][5]
Bagh Mahalleh (Persian: باغ محله, also Romanized as Bāgh Maḩalleh)[1] is a village in Faruj Rural District, in the Central District of Faruj County, North Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 238, in 54 families.[2]
In field hockey, each player carries a stick and cannot take part in the game without it. The stick for an adult is usually in the range 89–95 cm (35–38 in) long. A maximum length of 105 cm (41.3") was stipulated from 2015.[1] The maximum permitted weight is 737 grams.[2] The majority of players use a stick in the range 19 oz to 22 oz (538 g - 623 g). Traditionally hockey sticks were made of hickory, ash or mulberry wood with the head of the sticks being hand carved and therefore required skilled craftsmen to produce. Sticks made of wood continue to be made but the higher grade sticks are now manufactured from composite materials which were first permitted after 1992. These sticks usually contain a combination of fibreglass, aramid fiber and carbon fibre in varying proportions according to the characteristics (flexibility; stiffness; resistance to impact and abrasion) required.
Bolo is a village in the Bamingui-Bangoran Prefecture in the northern Central African Republic.
Heather Christensen (born October 1, 1979) is an American glamor model, noted for her work in various Playboy publications.
Hoseynabad-e Kushk Zar (Persian: حسين ابادكوشكذر, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Kūshk Zar and Ḩoseynābād-e Kūshkeh Zar)[1] is a village in Saidabad Rural District, in the Central District of Savojbolagh County, Alborz Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 174, in 45 families.[2]
The RML 9-inch guns Mark I – Mark VI[note 1] were large rifled muzzle-loading guns of the 1860s used as primary armament on smaller British ironclad battleships and secondary armament on larger battleships, and also ashore for coast defence. It should not be confused with the RML 9-inch Armstrong Gun, used by the Dutch navy, the Spanish Navy, and other navies.
Fedor Lukashenko (Russian: Фёдор Лукашенко; born 18 March 1974) is a retired Belarusian professional football player. He has made one appearance for Belarus national football team in 1997.[1]
Wölferbütt is a village and a former municipality in the Wartburgkreis district of Thuringia, Germany. Since 31 December 2013, it is part of the town Vacha.
Mao Qingguo (Chinese: 茆庆国; born May 1953) is a former Chinese business executive who served as chairman of the board of China National Salt Industry Corporation, China's state-owned salt monopoly, from March 2013 to his retirement in August 2014. Prior to that, he also served as its Party secretary from April 2011 to March 2013 and general manager from December 2003 to April 2011.[1]
Mario Jorge Tuane Escaff (27 July 1927 – 13 August 2017), sometimes referred as Mario Tuani,[1] was a Chilean football player and manager.
Chronic eosinophilic leukemia  is a form of cancer in which too many eosinophils are found in the bone marrow, blood, and other tissues. Most cases are associated with fusion genes. [1]
Papa lumière is a French drama film directed by Ada Loueilh.
Plouégat-Guérand (French pronunciation: ​[plueɡat ɡeʁɑ̃]; Breton: Plegad-Gwerann) is a commune in the Finistère department of Brittany in north-western France.
MV Mallard, later Kaleden, was a ferry that linked the communities of Summerland and Naramata on Okanagan Lake in British Columbia, Canada from 1908 to 1910, and later served Skaha Lake and Kaleden, British Columbia, under the name Kaleden.[1]
Scott Gump (born December 17, 1965) is a former American professional golfer. 
Alpay Koçaklı (born 19 September 1998) is a Turkish footballer who plays as a right midfielder for Şanlıurfaspor.
The Moderates (Danish: Moderaterne) is a liberal political party in Denmark founded by former Prime Minister and current Minister of Foreign Affairs Lars Løkke Rasmussen.[2] He announced the name in a foundational speech on 5 June 2021. At the same time, he said that his main scenario was that the party would be formed after the 2021 Danish local elections.[3][4] The name was, according to Rasmussen, inspired by the fictious Prime Minister Birgitte Nyborg's party Moderaterne in the hit political TV drama Borgen (itself allegedly inspired by the Social Liberal Party) as well as the Swedish Moderate Coalition Party, the then-second largest party in the Swedish Riksdag.[5][6] The Moderates' political position is referred to as centre[7][8] to centre-right.[9]
Ian Galliguez (born December 11, 1975) is a Filipino actress known for her comedic role in the television show Labs Ko Si Babe. She has appeared on numerous shows on ABS-CBN.[1]
Galliguez is of a mixed descent with Spanish, Portuguese, Chinese and Filipino ancestry. She is the mother of one girl and twin boys.
Luan Kejun (simplified Chinese: 栾克军; traditional Chinese: 欒克軍; pinyin: Luán Kèjūn; born June 1960) is a former Chinese politician who spent his career in his home province Gansu in northwest China. He entered the workforce in December 1978, and joined the Chinese Communist Party in June 1986. He was investigated by the Chinese Communist Party's anti-graft agency in November 2017. At the height of his career, he served as deputy party chief and mayor of Lanzhou, capital of Gansu province.[1]
The Sepulga River is a 61.5-mile-long (99.0 km)[1] river in the U.S. state of Alabama.  It originates at the confluence of the East Sepulga and West Sepulga rivers and discharges into the Conecuh River near the northwestern border of Conecuh National Forest.[2] The name Sepulga is possibly of either of Creek or Choctaw origin. If Creek, it is possibly from asi meaning "yaupon" and algi meaning "grove". If Choctaw in origin, the name is possibly derived from shoboli, which means "smoky".[3]
The Democratic Party was a liberal political party in Costa Rica.
Andrew Ogletree (born July 28, 1998)[1] is an American football tight end for the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Findlay and Youngstown State.

John Pecche (1332–1380) was a 14th-century merchant who was a Sheriff of London in 1352, Lord Mayor of London for 1361–62 and a Member of Parliament for four annual terms between 1361 and 1372.[1]
Lana Greenfield (born January 30, 1951) is an American politician. She has served as a Republican member for the 2nd district in the South Dakota House of Representatives since 2015.[1][2]
Jamal Naser Delli Ahmed Al-Karboli (Arabic: جمال الكربولي, born October 10, 1965) is an Iraqi activist and politician, head of the National Movement for Development and Reform party and the Iraqi List coalition in the Council of Representatives of Iraq.

These are the episodes of the French TV series Kaamelott.
Charles M. Turbiville (July 13, 1943 – October 20, 2018) was an American politician, Vietnam combat veteran and member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 2005-2013 and 2017-2018, as well as the mayor of Deadwood, South Dakota.

Owen Glyndwr Jenkins (8 April 1927 – 21 August 2014) was an Australian politician.
Zimnice [ʑimˈnit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mszczonów, within Żyrardów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Mszczonów, 17 km (11 mi) south-east of Żyrardów, and 46 km (29 mi) south-west of Warsaw.
Los Balbases is a municipality located in the province of Burgos, Castile and León, Spain.[2] According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 348 inhabitants.
Voice is a 2001 solo album by Journey guitarist Neal Schon.  The album features instrumental versions of popular songs. It peaked at number 15 on Billboard's Top New Age album chart in the same year.[2] In 2002, Voice was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Album.[3]
Schurter Holding AG is a Swiss multinational manufacturer of electrical and electronic components and a provider of electronic services which is based in Lucerne, Switzerland.
36°26′48″N 81°34′15″W﻿ / ﻿36.44667°N 81.57083°W﻿ / 36.44667; -81.57083
Clifton  is an unincorporated community in Ashe County, North Carolina, United States, located east of Fig. It lies at an elevation of 2,769 feet (844 m).
The Come Up is the debut mixtape by rapper J. Cole released on May 4, 2007, hosted by DJ OnPoint. The mixtape has been downloaded and streamed over 500,000 times, while being viewed over 1,800,000 times on mixtape site DatPiff.[1][2]
John Skilling (October 8, 1921 in Los Angeles, California – March 5, 1998 in Seattle, Washington) was a civil engineer and architect, best known for being the chief structural engineer of the World Trade Center.[1]
The 1959 Taça de Portugal final was the final match of the 1958–59 Taça de Portugal, the 19th season of the Taça de Portugal, the premier Portuguese football cup competition organized by the Portuguese Football Federation (FPF). The match was played on 19 July 1959 at the Estádio Nacional in Oeiras, and opposed two Primeira Liga sides: Benfica and Porto. Benfica defeated Porto 1–0 to claim a tenth Taça de Portugal.[2]
Saraswati is an Indian Marathi language television series which aired on Colors Marathi.[1][2] The show starred Titeeksha Tawde and Astad Kale in lead roles.[3][4] The series premiered from 28 December 2015 and ended on 12 May 2018.[5][6]
Project Harvest Moon was a first effort by private individuals to explore and exploit the Moon. Sponsored by the Committee for the Future, "the original space advocacy organization in the NASA era," Harvest Moon would have used a leftover Saturn rocket and lunar module to conduct experiments on the Moon, paid for by the sale of lunar materials retrieved from the Moon's surface.[1] The Committee for the Future was founded and propelled by Barbara Marx Hubbard, daughter of wealthy toy manufacturer Louis Marx. Hubbard received support from retired military officers, former NASA employees, and prominent industrialists. On May 11, 1972, Rep. Olin Teague (D-Tex) offered a Resolution in support, but the project was terminated that summer following cogent objections from NASA.
In linguistics, periphrasis (/pəˈrɪfrəsɪs/)[1] is the use of one or more function words to express meaning that otherwise may be expressed by attaching an affix or clitic to a word. The resulting phrase includes two or more collocated words instead of one inflected word.[2] The word periphrasis originates from the Greek word περιφράζομαι periphrazomai “talking around”.[3][4][5]
Chester Holcombe (1842 in Winfield, New York – 1912) was an American missionary to China, diplomat, and author.[1]
Malek Jaziri and Adrián Menéndez Maceiras were the defending champions[1] but chose not to defend their title.
Holly Ravine Farm is a farm and shopping center located in Cherry Hill, New Jersey, United States. The farm was the site of the Cowtail Bar, an ice cream parlor established in 1933 by former Cherry Hill mayor John Gilmour, Jr., who was the first mayor of Cherry Hill (previously known as Delaware Township).[1] In 1964, Gilmour added a petting zoo on the property known as the Moo Zoo.[2] He sold the Cowtail Bar in 1987.[3]
Plåster (lit. Plaster) is the sixth novel by Swedish author Klas Östergren. It was published in 1986.[1] The novel is about Roland, the night porter, who ends up in hospital after suffering from heart problems. There he meets Yngve, a cigarette dealer who is also a patient. They start talking about the big questions; life, death, friendship and love. When Roland finally manages to take things seriously in his life, he realises that everything may already be too late.  
World Demise is the fourth album by American death metal band Obituary. It was released on September 6, 1994. A music video was made for the track "Don't Care".
Rodges Run is a tributary of the Delaware River in Durham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
The Synod of Rome (721) (also known as the Council of Rome of 721) was a synod held in St. Peter’s Basilica under the authority of Pope Gregory II to establish canons to improve church discipline.
Saint-Martial (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ maʁsjal]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Rio Grande (lit. "Great River") is a municipality (município) and one of the oldest cities in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It was the state capital from 1835 to 1845. It is the most important port city in the state and has one of the most important maritime ports in Brazil.
Adam Gledhill (born 15 February 1993) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a prop, second-row or loose forward for the Batley Bulldogs in the Betfred Championship.[1]
Selongey (French pronunciation: ​[səlɔ̃ʒɛ]) is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department in eastern France.
The 1999–2000 season was the 77th season in the existence of Elche CF and the club's first season back in the second division of Spanish football. The season covered the period from 1 July 1999 to 30 June 2000.
James Paul Hinson (May 9, 1904 – September 23, 1960) was an American professional baseball shortstop and third baseman who made three appearances for the 1928 Boston Red Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB) as a pinch runner. Listed at 5 feet 10 inches (1.78 m) and 150 pounds (68 kg), he batted and threw right-handed. He later served as a police officer in Muskogee, Oklahoma.
The Romanian Qualifying Grand Prix 2011 is the first qualifying Gliding Grand Prix for the FAI World Grand Prix 2010–2011 that took place in Romania.[1][2]
For the municipality in Maranhão see Presidente Juscelino, Maranhão
Banavchan (Persian: بناوچان, also Romanized as Banāvchān; also known as Banāvojān and Benāvojān)[1] is a village in Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District, in the Central District of Divandarreh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 198, in 40 families.[2] The village is populated by Kurds.[3]
Nationality words link to articles with information on the nation's poetry or literature (for instance, Irish or France).
The 2010 ITF Women's Circuit was the 2010 edition of the second-tier tour for women's professional tennis. It was organised by the International Tennis Federation and was a tier below the WTA Tour. The ITF Women's Circuit included tournaments with prize money ranging from $10,000 up to $100,000. The list of tournaments is split into January–March, April–June, July–September and October–December due to the number of tournaments.
Victoria A. Dooling (born 1944) is an American politician. She served as a Republican member of the Nevada Assembly from 2014 until 2016.
George David "Slick" Coffman (December 11, 1910 – May 8, 2003) was an American baseball pitcher.  He played 18 years of professional baseball, including four years in Major League Baseball with the Detroit Tigers (1937–1939) and St. Louis Browns (1940). In his major league debut in May 1937, Coffman won in an 11-inning, 4–2 pitching duel with Lefty Grove.  Coffman compiled a career record of 15–12 in 313+2⁄3 innings pitched with a 5.60 earned run average.
Alvin William Stokes (1904-1982) was a 20th-century African-American civil servant, best known as an investigator for the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC).[1][2]
Charles L. "Chuck" Pangle (June 5, 1941 – December 25, 2015) was an American businessman and politician.
The 105th Ohio Infantry Regiment, sometimes 105th Ohio Volunteer Infantry (or 105th OVI) was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War.
The Trunk Mystery is a 1926 American silent mystery film directed by Frank Hall Crane and starring Charles Hutchison, Alice Calhoun and Otto Lederer.[1] It premiered in Britain in late 1926 before being released in America the following year.
The Trinity Theological Seminary is a Protestant seminary located on a 70-acre campus in Legon, Accra.[1] As an ecumenical theological tertiary and ministerial training institution, it serves students in Ghana and the West African sub-region. The focus of the curriculum is pedagogy, guidance and counselling and fieldwork to adequately prepare students for careers in Christian ministry.[1] The school has Charter status and offers certificate, diploma and degree programmes and is accredited by the National Accreditation Board of the Ghanaian Ministry of Education.[1][2]
Chouzé-sur-Loire (French pronunciation: [ʃuze syʁ lwaʁ] (listen), literally Chouzé on Loire) is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.
School District 5 Southeast Kootenay is a school district in British Columbia. It covers the southeast corner of the province up to the Alberta and Montana borders. This includes the major centres of Cranbrook, Fernie, Elkford, and Sparwood.
Mount Scott is a horseshoe-shaped massif on Kyiv Peninsula, the west coast of Graham Land, which is open to the southwest with its convex side fronting on Girard Bay and its northwestern side on Lemaire Channel.
At the 1997 Mediterranean Games, the athletics events were held at the Stadio San Nicola in Bari, Italy from 15–19 June 1997.[1] A total of forty-three events were contested, of which 23 by male and 20 by female athletes. A total of 24 Games records were broken or equalled during the competition.
The "Class of 9/11" is a term coined by National Public Radio for American high school graduating classes of 2005. These students were freshmen when the  September 11 attacks occurred in 2001, and have had to cope with the many aspects of the aftermath during teenage life and high school.[1] The Class of 2002 can also be considered the Class of 9/11.
In electrical engineering, electrical elements are conceptual abstractions representing idealized electrical components,[1] such as resistors, capacitors, and inductors, used in the analysis of electrical networks.  All electrical networks can be analyzed as multiple electrical elements interconnected by wires. Where the elements roughly correspond to real components, the representation can be in the form of a schematic diagram or circuit diagram. This is called a lumped-element circuit model. In other cases, infinitesimal elements are used to model the network in a distributed-element model.
The International Congress of Orientalists, initiated in Paris in 1873, was an international conference of Orientalists (initially mostly scholars from Europe and the USA). The first thirteen meetings were held in Europe; the fourteenth congress was held in Algiers in 1905 and some of the subsequent conferences were also held outside Europe. Papers were primarily about philology and archaeology. The Proceedings of the Congresses were published. The work of the International Congress of Orientalists is carried on by the International Congress of Asian and North African Studies.[1]
Gaius Junius Silanus (fl. 1st century BC) was a Roman Senator, who was consul in 17 BC as the colleague of Gaius Furnius.[1]
Vitali, Vitalii, Vitaly, Vitaliy and may refer to:
Badminton competitions for the South Asian Games are being held since its inception at the 2004 South Asian Games, which was the 9th edition of South Asian Games.[1][2]
Ruslanbek Jiyanov (born 5 June 2001) is an Uzbekistan footballer who plays for Russian Premier League club Pari NN and Uzbekistan national football team.
Dez Mona is a Belgian band formed in 2003, playing a combination of jazz, gospel, spirituals and drama. The band revolves around singer Gregory Frateur and bassist Nicolas Rombouts.[1][2] The duo is sometimes joined by Sam Vloemans on trumpet and Roel van Camp on accordion. The group has been compared to Nina Simone (who the group have covered), Marianne Faithfull, Antony & The Johnsons and Tom Waits.[citation needed]
Manual of Love 2 (Italian: Manuale d'amore 2 - Capitoli successivi) is a 2007 Italian romantic comedy film in four quartets directed by Giovanni Veronesi.[1][2]   It is the sequel of Manual of Love and was followed by Manual of Love 3.
Assuéfry (also spelled Assuéffry) is a town in the far east of Ivory Coast. It is a sub-prefecture of Transua Department in Gontougo Region, Zanzan District. Assuéfry is also a commune.
Varuhuset (The Department Store) is a Swedish drama series that aired on SVT in 60 episodes between 19 March 1987 and 8 April 1989.[1] Amongst the actors that appeared in the series were Görel Crona, Lena Endre, Sharon Dyall and Christina Schollin.[2] The series was created by Peter Emanuel Falck.
Charlotte Sue Brown (born October 20, 1943) is an American television producer, writer, director, and showrunner who in 1977 was acclaimed to have become the first woman showrunner of a primetime network television series for her work on The Mary Tyler Moore Show spin-off Rhoda.[1][2]  However, Gertrude Berg, who created The Goldbergs, earned that title almost two decades earlier.
Jan Chrzciciel Henryk Witold Wołodkowicz (French: Vitold Jean Henri de Wolodkowicz, 17 September 1765[1][2] – 6 August 1825[1] or 20 August 1836[2][3]) was a Lithuanian nobleman from the Wołodkowicz family of the Radwan coat of arms. Initially, he served as cavalry captain in the Grand Ducal Lithuanian Army from 1789 to 1794. Joining the French Revolutionary Army in 1796, he rose to the rank of general, which he kept in the Grande Armée. He was also one of Napoleon's Aide-de-camp. 
The Treaty of Dappes was concluded on 8 December 1862 between France and the Swiss Confederation. Resolving a long-standing border dispute between the two countries, the accord awarded the Vallee des Dappes (which had been controlled by Switzerland since 1815) to France, in exchange for a comparable piece of territory just to the north. The treaty is noteworthy for dividing the tiny village of La Cure between the two countries, with the new border bisecting not just the town itself, but several structures within it.
Hemingway & Gellhorn is a 2012 television film directed by Philip Kaufman about the lives of journalist Martha Gellhorn and her husband, writer Ernest Hemingway. The film premiered at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival and aired on HBO on May 28, 2012.[2]
Brite Futures (formerly known as Natalie Portman's Shaved Head, often shortened to NPSH) was an American indie rock/electronica band from Seattle, Washington. The group released its debut album in July 2008 and disbanded in 2012. Their former name is a reference to actress Natalie Portman's physical appearance in the film V for Vendetta.
Otto Brenner (8 November 1907 – 15 April 1972) was a German trades unionist and politician. Between 1956 and 1972 he was the leader of the powerful IG Metall (Industrial Union of Metalworkers).[1]
The Hassan II Dam, also known as the Sidi Said Dam, is a gravity dam on the Moulouya River about 13 km (8.1 mi) north of Midelt in Midelt Province, Morocco. It has a maximum storage capacity of 400 million cubic meters.[3] The dam is used for potable water, irrigation and the protection of downstream areas and dams against floods and siltation.[4] Construction of the dam began in February 2001 and it was completed in March 2005.[1]
The 2017–18 Ball State Cardinals men's basketball team represented Ball State University during the 2017–18 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Cardinals, led by fifth-year head coach James Whitford, played their home games at Worthen Arena as members of the West Division of the Mid-American Conference. They finished the season 19–13, 10–8 to finish in third place in the MAC West division. They lost in the quarterfinals of the MAC tournament to Kent State.

Rackhams was a British department store that opened in Birmingham, England in 1881. The business became part of the Harrods group in 1955, before Harrods was purchased by House of Fraser in 1959. As part of the Harrods grouping in House of Fraser, during the 1970s the Rackhams name was selected to be used as the Midlands and parts of the North of England brand name and several stores were added to its portfolio. In 2000 the Rackhams name was retired and replaced by House of Fraser except for the Skipton and Altrincham stores. [1]
Omar Souhaili (Arabic: عمر سهيلي; born 19 July 1989), better known by his stage name
Dizzy DROS, is a Moroccan rapper, songwriter and producer.
Foullah Edifice Football Club is a football (soccer) club from Chad based in N'Djamena. They had a few Chadian national team players, like Mbaya Brice, Massama Asselmo, Ferdinand Gassina and Hassan Hissein.
The following are the association football events of the year 1988 throughout the world.
Trống quân singing (Vietnamese: [ʈə̌wŋm kʷən], Hán-Nôm: 𤿰軍, "military drum")[1] is a response folk song of Vietnam. It is often found in festivals and performed as alternating singing between boys and girls.[1] The male and female singer groups make responses to the song through words, instead of counterpoint singing. As such it is less sophisticated and more open to popular participation than Quan họ response singing which requires some degree of musical training.[2] Trống quân songs are often sung by children at village festivals.[3]
The Fertile Crescent Plan was an Iraqi Hashemite proposal for the union of the Kingdom of Iraq with Mandatory Syria (including Mandatory Lebanon), Mandatory Palestine, and Transjordan. Nuri as-Said, prime minister of Iraq, presented the plan to British officials during World War II, when it appeared that France had become too weak to hold on to Syria. 
William Gordon Conroy (February 26, 1915 – November 13, 1997) was a backup catcher who played in Major League Baseball between 1935 and 1944. Listed at 6' 0", 185 lb., Conroy batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Bloomington, Illinois.
Moradabad (Persian: مراداباد, also Romanized as Morādābād)[1] is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 224, in 49 families.[2]
Gerhard Breitenberger (born 14 October 1954, in Austria) is a former international Austrian footballer.[1]
Sers is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in south-western France.

John Walsh  (1856 – 26 August 1925) was a prominent Irish businessman, and a nationalist politician of the All-for-Ireland League.  He was Member of Parliament (MP) for  County Cork South from 1910 until 1918, taking his seat in the House of Commons of what was then the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Havana is an unincorporated community[1] in Umatilla County, Oregon, United States, 9 miles (14 km) northeast of Pendleton on Wildhorse Creek. This former Union Pacific Railroad station[2] is near the junction of Oregon Route 335, known as the Havana–Helix Highway, with Oregon Route 11, about 9 miles south of Helix. Its elevation is 1312 ft (400 m) above sea level.[1]
Ibrahim Salisú (born 1965 in Accra) is a Ghanaian former footballer. He played for Caracas FC, as an attacking midfielder.[1]
[2] He later played with Deportivo Galicia also in the Venezuelan Primera Division before retiring from football.
Deba Gupta (December 1911 – 6 May 1930) alias Deba Prasad Gupta was a Bengali revolutionary who joined in the Chittagong armoury raid. He died in a Kalarpole encounter with the British police on 6 May 1930.
Yang Ding (died 394) was a ruler of Chouchi and a military general of Former Qin during the Sixteen Kingdoms period. His family was a part of the Yang clan that ruled Chouchi but fled to Former Qin after they failed to usurp their relatives' throne. Yang Ding became the son-in-law of Qin's ruler, Fu Jian, and after the Battle of Feishui, he became one of the state's most powerful supporters up to its destruction in 394. However, he also took advantage of Qin's period of weakness by restoring the Chouchi state in 385, which had been conquered by Qin in 371. His reign is seen as the start of Later Chouchi (後仇池).
Prehistoric Bajada "hanging" canals of southeastern Arizona were constructed after c. 1250 and remained in use until c. 1450.
Herbert Walther (January 19, 1935 in Ludwigshafen/Rhein, Germany – July 22, 2006 in Munich) was a leader in the fields of quantum optics and laser physics. He was a founding director of the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics (MPQ) in Garching, Germany.[1] He also was Chair of Physics at Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He is primarily known for his experimental work on cavity quantum electrodynamics (in the form of the micromaser) as well his groundbreaking work on the ion trap.
The Cotati Jazz Festival is an annual music festival held in Cotati, California, United States, since 1981.[1] It typically takes place mid-June. Since 2006, admission has been free.
Devesel is a commune located in Mehedinți County, Oltenia, Romania. It is composed of six villages: Batoți, Bistrețu, Devesel, Dunărea Mică, Scăpău and Tismana.
Kees Bekker (26 January 1883 – 28 December 1964) was a Dutch international footballer who earned six caps for the national side between 1906 and 1908.
Pradyut Kumar Bhattacharya (3 November 1913 - 12 January 1933) was a Bengali revolutionary and activist of the Indian freedom movement. He was hanged in Midnapore Central jail.[1][2]
Corinthian War
Survival / The Barbarian is a package of two board games published by Task Force Games in 1979.
Hugo Nicolás Barbaro (December 12, 1950) is a prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He serves as bishop of San Roque de Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña since 2008.
Franklin S. Forsberg (October 21, 1905 – March 29, 2002), was an American publisher and diplomat.
Hsu Ju-ya is a Taiwanese taekwondo practitioner. She won a bronze medal in middleweight at the 1989 World Taekwondo Championships, and a bronze medal at the 1993 World Taekwondo Championships. She won a silver medal at the 1994 Asian Taekwondo Championships.[1]
A Dream of Fair Women is a poem by Alfred Tennyson. It was written and published in 1833 as "A Legend of Fair Women", but was heavily revised for republication under its present tile in 1842. [1]
Yuquanying Subdistrict (Chinese: 玉泉营街道; pinyin: Yùquányíng Jiēdào) is a subdistrict situated in the east of Fengtai District, Beijing, China. It shares border with Taipingqiao and You'anmen Subdistricts in the north, Xiluoyuan and Majiabao Subdistricts in the east, Huaxiang Subdistrict in the south, Kandang and Xincun Subdistricts in the west.
Hans Otto Storm (1895–1941) was a German-American novelist and radio engineer.[1] His literary reputation quickly faded into obscurity after his early death, but in the 1940s received some positive praise from literary critic Edmund Wilson.[2]
Masamichi Noro (野呂 昌道, Noro Masamichi, January 21, 1935 – March 15, 2013) is the founder of Kinomichi and was an uchi-deshi of Morihei Ueshiba, the founder of Aikido.[1][2]
Incense and Peppermints is the debut album by psychedelic rock band Strawberry Alarm Clock. Released in October 1967, it reached No. 11 on the Billboard 200 album charts during a 24-week run[2][3] and included the band's No. 1 Billboard Hot 100 hit[4] "Incense and Peppermints". In addition to the band's six official members, the album features the flute playing of Steve Bartek, who co-wrote four of the album's songs with bass player George Bunnell.[2]
Radio Haiti-Inter was the first independent radio station in Haiti. The station was notable for its use of the Haitian Creole language, spoken by most Haitians, while most other media broadcast in French, and also for its broadcasting of international and local news. 
Evangelismos (Greek: Ευαγγελισμός, pronounced [evaɲɟelizˈmos]) is a village and a community of the Elassona municipality.[2] Before the 2011 local government reform it was part of the municipality of Elassona, of which it was a municipal district.[2] The 2011 census recorded 722 inhabitants in the village.[1] The community of Evangelismos covers an area of 23.634 km2.[3]
The Antillanca Group is a volcanic group of scoria cones, maars and small stratovolcanoes, in Chile. Casablanca stratovolcano is the tallest volcano of the group, which shelters the Antillanca ski resort on its west flank. Aguas Calientes and Puyehue Hot springs also form part of this volcanic group.[2] The complex encompasses 380 km2 and to the west is bordered by the lakes Puyehue and Rupanco.
Chupícuaro is an important prehispanic archeological site from the late preclassical or formative period. The culture that takes its 
name from the site dates to 400 BC to 200 AD, or alternatively 500 BC   to 300 AD.,[1] although some academics suggest an origin as early as 800 BC.[2]
Gordon Arthur Haaland (April 19, 1940 – October 23, 2017) was an American academic.[1] He was the fifteenth President of the University of New Hampshire from 1984 to 1990, and of Gettysburg College from 1990 to 2004.[2][3] He was an alumnus of Wheaton College  and the State University of New York at Buffalo, earning a doctorate degree in social psychology at the latter.[4]
UNS Energy is the parent company of Tucson Electric Power and UniSource Energy Services.
Aginskoye (Russian: Аги́нское) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative center of Sayansky District of Krasnoyarsk Krai, Russia. Population:  5,584 (2010 Census);[3] 6,173 (2002 Census);[7] 7,056 (1989 Census).[8]
The Morning News is a U.S.-based daily online magazine founded in 1999 by Rosecrans Baldwin and Andrew Womack. It began as an email newsletter[1] and in the fall of 2000 evolved into a news-oriented weblog with a New York focus. In October 2002, Baldwin and Womack launched The Morning News as a daily-published online magazine.
Badakhemundi estate, also known as Pedda Khimedi estate, was a zamindari in the Ganjam district in the British period. It was an offshoot of Parlakhemundi. It had an area of 505 km2 and a population of 40,650 inhabitants (1871) in 194 villages.[1]
The 2013–14 FC Rostov season was the fifth successive season that the club will play in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of football in Russia, after narrowly avoiding relegation in 2012–13 after a relegation play-off victory over . They will also take part in the 2013–14 Russian Cup.
A latch or catch (called sneck in Northern England and Scotland) is a type of mechanical fastener that joins two (or more) objects or surfaces while allowing for their regular separation. A latch typically engages another piece of hardware on the other mounting surface. Depending upon the type and design of the latch, this engaged bit of hardware may be known as a keeper or strike.
The 2010 Karachi riots started on August 3, 2010, after the assassination of Parliament member Raza Haider,  a member of the Muttahida Qaumi Movement political party, on the night of August 2, 2010, in Karachi, Pakistan.[1] The Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) represents the Urdu-speaking Muhajir and is a political rival of the Pashtuns who have migrated to the city from northwest Pakistan. Haider, a Shia Muslim, was killed as he attended a funeral at a mosque.[2]
Landmannahellir (Icelandic pronunciation: ​[ˈlantˌmanːaˌhɛtlɪr̥]) is a small cave at the foot of the Hellisfjall mountain middle of Suðurland (South Iceland) in the influence area of the volcano Hekla.[1]
Bobsam 'Bob' Elejiko (18 August 1981 – 13 November 2011) was a Nigerian footballer. He played as a central defender for several domestic teams between 2000 and 2011 before his death on the field during a football match.


The 1989–90 Northern Premier League season was the 22nd in the history of the Northern Premier League, a football competition in England. Teams were divided into two divisions: the Premier and the First. It was known as the HFS Loans League for sponsorship reasons.[1]
Teodor Siliqi (unknown – unknown) was an Albanian chess player, Albanian Chess Championship winner (1948).
Laura J. Alber (born 1968)[1] is an American businesswoman who in 2010 became the CEO of Williams-Sonoma, Inc.[2]
Toyohama (豊浜町, Toyohama-chō) was a town in Mitoyo District, Kagawa Prefecture, Japan.
Femme et pot de moutarde (English: Woman with Mustard Pot) is a 1910 painting by Pablo Picasso. The portrait shows Picasso's lover of the time, Fernande Olivier. The painting formed part of The Armory Show in New York, that introduced North America to Picasso and several other modern painters and sculptors, for a price of US$ 675.[1]
The Embassy of the United Kingdom in Buenos Aires is the chief diplomatic mission of the United Kingdom in Argentina. The Embassy also represents the British Overseas Territories in Argentina.
Morten Frisch is a Danish epidemiologist who works as a consultant and senior investigator at the Statens Serum Institut in Copenhagen.[1]
Alfred A. Sessler  (1909–1963) was an American artist known for his murals for the Works Progress Administration (WPA), his printmaking, and his career as a  teacher.
The internal structure of Earth is the solid portion of the Earth,[clarification needed] excluding its atmosphere and hydrosphere. The structure consists of an outer silicate solid crust, a highly viscous asthenosphere and solid mantle, a liquid outer core whose flow generates the Earth's magnetic field, and a solid inner core.
Saint Rémy (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ ʁemi] (listen)) is a commune in the Calvados department in the Normandy region in northwestern France. Until 1968 an iron mine was exploited in the village.
Huckabee is an English surname. 
Cementerio del Cerro is a cemetery in Montevideo, Uruguay.
The Girl's Guide to Depravity is a softcore comedy/drama series based on Heather Rutman's popular blog of the same name. The show debuted in the US on Cinemax in February 2012 and has aired internationally in Latin America (HBO), Spain (Cuatro), Canada (IFC), and Japan (Dentsu).
The Virginia Line was a formation within the Continental Army. The term "Virginia Line" referred to the quota of numbered infantry regiments assigned to Virginia at various times by the Continental Congress. These, together with similar contingents from the other twelve states, formed the Continental Line. The concept was particularly important in relation to the promotion of commissioned officers. Officers of the Continental Army below the rank of brigadier general were ordinarily ineligible for promotion except in the line of their own state.
The Line of Property is the name commonly given to the line dividing Indian lands from those of the Thirteen Colonies, which were established in the 1768 Treaty of Fort Stanwix between British officials and the Iroquois tribes. In western Pennsylvania, it is referred to as the Purchase line.
Das Island Airport (ICAO: OMAS) is a private airfield operated by Abu Dhabi National Oil Company. It serves the oil field at Das Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The Balmville Tree was an old-growth eastern cottonwood growing at the intersection of River Road, Balmville Road and Commonwealth Avenue in Balmville, New York, a hamlet within the Town of Newburgh. It was the oldest tree of that species in the Eastern United States.[2]
Andrew John Rincon (born March 5, 1959) is a former Major League Baseball pitcher born in Monterey Park, California on March 5, 1959.  He was drafted out of St. Paul High School in Santa Fe Springs California by the St. Louis Cardinals in the 5th round of the 1977 Major League Baseball Draft.  He was a "September Call-up" in 1980.  He started four games, going 3–1 with a 2.61 ERA.  This earned him another brief look the next year, when he had a similar 3–1 record, this time with a 1.77 ERA in five starts. That season, he was hit in the arm by a line drive by Phil Garner, thus hampering his career. Rincon Cardinals started six games and relieved in five games, finishing with a 2–3 record and 4.72 ERA.  The next year, Rincon did not make it to the Major Leagues at all, and the Cardinals released him at the end of 1983.  The San Diego Padres signed him that offseason, but he never pitched in the majors again.
"I'm Just Me" is a song written by Glenn Martin, and recorded by American country music artist Charley Pride.  It was released in June 1971 as the second single and title track from the album I'm Just Me.  The song was Pride's seventh number one on the U.S. country singles chart.  The single  stayed at number one for four weeks and spent fourteen weeks on the chart.[1]
The 1896 Virginia Orange and Bluefootball team represented the University of Virginia as an independent during the 1896 college football season. Led by first-year coach Martin V. Bergen, the team went 7–2–2 and claims a Southern championship.[1][2] W. A. Martin played at end.
Alma Lach (née Satorius, June 8, 1914 – October 21, 2013) was an American chef, cookbook author, and food consultant.

An executive agreement[1] is an agreement between the heads of government of two or more nations that has not been ratified by the legislature as treaties are ratified.  Executive agreements are considered politically binding to distinguish them from treaties which are legally binding.
Toguéré Coumbé is a village and commune of the Cercle of Ténenkou in the Mopti Region of Mali. The commune contains 32 villages[3] and in 2009 had a population of 27,057.[2]
Maurice Gerschon Hindus (Russian: Морис Гершон Хиндус) (February 27, 1891 – July 8, 1969), was a Russian-American writer, foreign correspondent, lecturer and authority on Soviet and Central European affairs.
Alkmaar Packet was a shipping company that operated scheduled passenger and freight services in the northern part of the Netherlands between 1864 and 1950. The services the company provided were a kind of beurtvaart, which at the time had become a forerunner of modern public transport. At its height Alkmaar Packet owned more than 20 ships.
Airfix is a British brand and former manufacturing company which produced injection-moulded plastic scale model kits. In the UK, the name 'Airfix' has become practically synonymous with plastic models of this type, often simply referred to as "an airfix kit" even if made by another manufacturer.[1]
Mallıca is a village in the Bayat District, Afyonkarahisar Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 120 (2021).[2]
Matias Vainionpää (born 2 October 2001) is a Finnish professional footballer who plays for SJK, as a defender.[3]
On 31 October 1983, a 66-year-old woman named Chong Kin Meng (钟剑明 Zhōng Jiànmíng) was found murdered inside her Clementi flat by her foster son's wife. The police investigated and they managed to arrest a suspect for her murder a month later. The 23-year-old suspect, Teo Boon Ann (张文安 Zhāng Wénān), was found to have entered the flat under the pretense of providing Chong's foster son a wedding invitation card and a gift in his father's name, before he proceeded to kill her during a robbery attempt.

The England national cricket team toured New Zealand in February and March 1966 and played a three-match Test series against the New Zealand national cricket team. All three matches were drawn.
The Moaners are a Chapel Hill, North Carolina-based indie rock band.  They were previously signed to Yep Roc Records.[1]  In 2004, Melissa Swingle's band Trailer Bride broke up, and she formed The Moaners with drummer Laura King, formerly of the Chapel Hill band Grand National.[2]
Climax! (later known as Climax Mystery Theater) is an American television anthology series that aired on CBS from 1954 to 1958. The series was hosted by William Lundigan and later co-hosted by Mary Costa. It was one of the few CBS programs of that era to be broadcast in color, using the massive TK-40A color cameras pioneered and manufactured by RCA, and used primarily by CBS' arch-rival network, NBC (the broadcasting division of RCA). Many of the episodes were performed and broadcast live, but, although the series was transmitted in color, only black-and-white kinescope copies of some episodes survive to the present day. The series finished at #22 in the Nielsen ratings for the 1955-1956 season and #26 for 1956-1957.[1]
45°05′05″N 8°03′59″E﻿ / ﻿45.084824°N 8.0664755°E﻿ / 45.084824; 8.0664755
Blueberry Hill (also known as Meals Hill) is located near downtown Valdez, Alaska.

The following squads were named for the 1937 South American Championship that took place in Argentina.[1][2]
Kang Jin-pil (Hangul: 강진필), better known by the stage name P-Type (Hangul: 피타입), is a South Korean rapper. He began his career as an underground rapper in the 1990s and released his debut studio album, Heavy Bass, in 2004. He gained mainstream attention after appearing on the reality TV shows Show Me the Money 4 and Show Me the Money 6, in 2015 and 2017, respectively.[1][2][3]
The A68 autoroute is a 61.9 kilometres (38.5 mi) long motorway in southern France.  It connects Toulouse to  Albi.  It starts with a junction with the A61 and a junction with the A62.  It is also known as L’autoroute du Pastel.
Élisabeth - Ils sont tous nos enfants is a 2000 French film made for television, directed by Pasquale Squitieri. It stars Claudia Cardinale,[1] Jean-Claude Brialy and Marion Corrales.
Charlotte Juliane Sofie Eilersgaard née Jensen (25 March 1858–9 May 1922) was a Danish writer and editor who wrote short stories, plays and novels.[1] From the beginning of the 20th century, she became increasingly involved in the women's movement, especially the cause for women's voting rights.[2][3]
A double-disk diffusion test is a kind of disk diffusion test (to test for the effectiveness of an antimicrobial agent a disk infused with it is placed on a cultivated agar dish of bacteria to see if the antimicrobial agent in the disk inhibits further growth of the bacteria.[1]) 
Mills & Reeve LLP is a law firm headquartered in London. It has offices in Birmingham, Cambridge, Leeds, Manchester, Norwich and Oxford. It is the UK's 40th largest law firm measured by 2021/22 revenues.[4] The firm has been named for a record nineteenth year running in the 100 Best Companies to Work For annual survey, one of a small number of organisations to have achieved a listing for 19 years running and the only UK law firm.[5]
János Komlós (9 February 1922, in Budapest – 18 July 1980, in Budapest) was an influential Hungarian-Jewish writer, journalist, stand-up comedian under the  Kádár political era in Hungary. A member of the ÁVH before 1956, he became an editor of the Népszabadság the Communist Party daily. In 1967, he founded the Mikroszkóp Színpad, which he directed until his death.
Saint-Floret (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ flɔʁɛ]; Occitan: Sent Floret) is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.
Toku Nishio (西尾 徳, Nishio Toku, September 12, 1939 – July 19, 2005) was a Japanese actor and voice actor from Gifu Prefecture, Japan. He was represented by Tokyo Actor's Consumer's Cooperative Society.
The Autocanon de 47 Renault was an armoured car designed by Renault in 1915.
Saint Symeon Stylites of Lesbos (765/66–844) was a monk who survived two attempts on his life during the second period of Byzantine Iconoclasm (814–842). He followed a similar model to Simeon Stylites, residing on a pillar-like structure similar to a tower. There he isolated himself from the world and fasted, prayed and studied. He is venerated with his two brothers, Saint George the Archbishop of Mytilene and Saint David the Monk.[1]
Lev Saakov (November 30, 1909 – March 10, 1988) was an Armenian screenwriter and film director of the Soviet era.[1]
USS Jamestown (AGTR-3/AG-166) was an Oxford-class technical research ship (a Cold War spy ship) acquired by the U.S. Navy for the task of "conducting research in the reception of electromagnetic propagations" (SIGINT).
Twinight Records was a minor American recording label, founded in Chicago 1967 by Howard Bedno and Peter Wright, who later added E. Rodney Jones as a partner. Specializing in R&B and soul music, for a few months the label was called Twilight Records until it was discovered that another company already owned the Twilight name. Over five years, the label released (or at least recorded) 55 singles and charted seven times. The label’s star was Syl Johnson, an established R&B performer who had had a number of hits for King Records and who would have his biggest hits for Hi Records in the 1970s. 


Sister Mary Xavier Molony, P.B.V.M. (August 1781 – October 1865) was an Irish Presentation Sister who was one of the first religious sisters to establish Catholic schools in Newfoundland.
Machete is a 1958 American drama film directed by Kurt Neumann and written by Kurt Neumann and Carroll Young. The film stars Mari Blanchard, Ruth Cains, Albert Dekker, Juano Hernandez, Carlos Rivas and Lee Van Cleef. The film was released in December 1958 by United Artists.[1][2]
The Return is a 1980 American science-fiction film directed by Greydon Clark and starring Jan-Michael Vincent, Cybill Shepherd, Martin Landau and Raymond Burr. It met with little commercial success and was released directly to television and video.
Kenneth A. Templeton[1] (born c. 1951)[2] is a Canadian curler.
Library service to the Hopkins, Minnesota community was established more than 100 years ago, when the library was housed in City Hall. The library moved to the historic Dow House in 1948 and then temporarily to a vacant restaurant in 1963. The library opened in its current location in 1968 and was renovated in 2002.[1] The library joined Hennepin County Library in 1973.
Kozołupy [kɔzɔˈwupɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stoczek, within Węgrów County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 14 kilometres (9 mi) north of Węgrów and 74 km (46 mi) north-east of Warsaw.
Simon Morgan Wortham is Professor in Humanities at Kingston University, London, and co-director of The London Graduate School.[1] He is a literary critic and theorist, best known as an expert on deconstruction and the writings of Jacques Derrida. Recent work concentrates on rearticulating post-structuralist thought to Marxist and realist traditions in philosophy.
Rugged Lark (May 1, 1981 – October 26, 2004) was Quarter Horse stallion who was a two-time American Quarter Horse Association (or AQHA) World Show Superhorse as well as being a three-time AQHA World Champion. He is also the winner of the Silver Spur Award[1]
The Israel Democratic Party (Hebrew: ישראל דמוקרטית, romanized: Yisrael Demokratit, lit. 'Democratic Israel') was a political party in Israel established in 2019 by former prime minister Ehud Barak.[1] The party merged with Meretz for the September 2019 election. It did not contest the 2020 snap election.
The GTUBE ("Generic Test for Unsolicited Bulk Email") is a 68-byte test string used to test anti-spam systems, in particular those based on SpamAssassin. In SpamAssassin, it carries an antispam score of 1000 by default, which would be sufficient to trigger any installation.
Robert Thomas Sanderson (1912–1989) was an American inorganic chemist, more commonly known by the initials "R.T." found in his papers.[1] He received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Chicago for his research in boron chemistry.[2] After working in Texaco's research lab,[3] he became a professor and spent his career on the faculties of the University of Florida, the University of Iowa, and Arizona State University.[2] He also created a company supplying safety posters and lab-related artwork of his own design, and published several books including Vacuum Manipulation of Volatile Compounds.[2][4]
Matthew Quick (born October 23, 1973) is an American writer of adult and young adult fiction. His debut novel, The Silver Linings Playbook, became a 
New York Times bestseller and was adapted as a movie of the same name starring Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence, with Robert De Niro, Jacki Weaver, and Chris Tucker.[1][2]
Alamabad (Persian: علم اباد, also Romanized as ‘Alamābād; also known as ‘Elmābād)[1] is a village in Razmavaran Rural District, in the Central District of Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 409, in 109 families.[2]
Akagi Maru was one of three Akagi Maru-class armed merchantmen of the Imperial Japanese Navy, and was launched in 1936. Akagi Maru was used initially used as a refrigerated cargo/passenger ship between ports in Japan, Europe and South America. The ship took part in World War II in the Pacific Ocean and was sunk with great loss of life by air attack on 17 February 1944 in Chuuk Lagoon as a part of the Allied Operation Hailstone.
Shizukuishi Station (雫石駅, Shizukuishi-eki) is a railway station on the Tazawako Line in the town of Shizukuishi, Iwate Prefecture, Japan, operated by East Japan Railway Company (JR East).
The Old Synagogue (Polish: Synagoga Stara) was an Orthodox Jewish synagogue situated in the Kazimierz district of Kraków, Poland. In Yiddish it was referred to as the Alta Shul. It is the oldest synagogue building still standing in Poland,[1] and one of the most precious landmarks of Jewish architecture in Europe. Until the beginning of the Second World War in 1939, it was one of the city's most important synagogues as well as the main religious, social, and organizational centre of the Kraków Jewish community.[2]
The Happy Isles of Oceania is a travel book written by writer Paul Theroux and published in 1992. It is an account of a trip taken through the Pacific Islands shortly after the break-up of his first marriage.[1] Starting in New Zealand, he travels to Australia and Papua New Guinea and then follows the clusters of islands throughout the Pacific Ocean, passing through Easter Island and finishing his trip in Hawaii.
Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2011,  was held in the Teatro Macedonio Alcalá in Oaxaca, Oaxaca on June 3, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Teresa Raviela of Río Grande was crowned the winner. Raviela was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca titleholder, Alejandra Scherenberg. Six contestants competed for the title.
Bradley Joseph Horowitz is an American entrepreneur and internet executive. He is a vice president at Google.[1]
The 1995 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A was the 39th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A.
Benkovac (Croatian pronunciation: [běːnkovat͡s]) is a town in the interior of Zadar County, Croatia.
Associated Global Systems (AGS) began business in 1958, operating as a domestic and international air freight forwarder. On October 1, 2022, Associated Global Systems became a division of Nippon Express U.S.A., Inc.
Sekaten (originated from Arabic word: Syahadatain) is a week-long Javanese traditional ceremony, festival, fair and pasar malam (night market) commemorating Mawlid (the birthday of the Islamic prophet Muhammad), celebrated annually started on 5th day through the 12th day of (Javanese Calendar) Mulud month (corresponding to Rabi' al-awwal in Islamic Calendar).
Baidyanathpur is a village in the Chandpur District in the Chittagong Division of eastern Bangladesh.[1]
The De Long Islands (Russian: Острова Де-Лонга, tr. Ostrova De-Longa; Yakut: Де Лоҥ Aрыылара, romanized: De Loŋ Arıılara) are an uninhabited archipelago often included as part of the New Siberian Islands, lying north east of Novaya Sibir.
Tiziana Andina (born 10 February 1970) is the Theoretical Philosophy Professor at the University of Turin.
Alfonso Castrillón Vizcarra (born 1935 in Lima, Peru) is a prominent intellectual in the study of museums and art in Latin America. He is currently the director of the Visual Arts Gallery of the Ricardo Palma URP University, of Lima (since 1997), founding-director of the Institute of Artistic and Museological Research of the Universidad Ricardo Palma (in 2002) and creator and coordinator of the Master in Museology at the same university (since 1999). He also runs the Illapa Mana Tukukuq journal.[1]
Daniel Ahumada Gaete (born 2 February 1960) is a Chilean former footballer.[1]
Trail of Civilizations was the motto of a symposium, initially held in August 2006 in Indonesia under the auspices of the governor of Central Java and the Indonesian Ministry of Culture and Tourism. Climax of the event was a ballet performance in front of the temple of Borobudur.
Daniel Wasson (born June 15, 1984) is an American soccer player who last played for Tulsa Athletic in the National Premier Soccer League.
Sven Isak Danell (25 November 1903 - 18 January 1981) was a Swedish prelate who served as Bishop of Skara between 1955 and 1969.
Charles Washington Criss Jr. (born November 6, 1948) is an American former professional basketball player born in Valhalla, New York.
Forever Kingdom, known in Japan as Evergrace II[3], is an action role-playing game released for the PlayStation 2 by FromSoftware. It is the prequel to Evergrace.
Tivat Airport (Montenegrin: Аеродром Тиват, romanized: Aerodrom Tivat) (IATA: TIV, ICAO: LYTV) is an international airport serving the Montenegrin coastal town of Tivat and the surrounding region.
The Representative Party of Alberta (first registered as the Political Alternative Association, and known as the Alternative Government Movement prior to registration in 1984) was a provincial political party in Alberta, Canada formed by former Alberta Social Credit Party parliamentary leader Raymond Speaker in 1984. The party was populist and conservative in ideology, and considered a modern version of the Canadian social credit movement without the social credit monetary reform policy.
Adam Shoalts is a Canadian writer.[1] His books focus on exploring nature.
Amerika is a Jazz album by Bo Kaspers Orkester, released in 1996 under Sony Music Entertainment. It charted in Sweden (reaching the 3rd position on Albumtopplistan, the albums chart[1]) and in Norway (5th position on the albums chart[2] Amerika was the third album released by the Swedish Pop-Rock band and was recorded at Cosmos Studios.
K M Ali Azam is the senior secretary of Ministry of Public Administration. He is the former secretary of Ministry of Industries and a director of British American Tobacco Bangladesh.[1][2]
The 2013 Spa-Francorchamps GP2 Series round was a GP2 Series motor race held on August 24 and 25, 2013 at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps, Belgium. It was the eighth round of the 2013 GP2 Series. The race supported the 2013 Belgian Grand Prix.
Juan Carlos Echeverry Bernal  is a Colombian operatic tenor.  He was born  in Manizales, Colombia.[1]
The Proton Prevé is a four-door compact saloon developed by Malaysian automobile manufacturer Proton. It was launched on 16 April 2012 and is based on Proton's next-generation P2 platform. The Prevé is the saloon complement to its sister car, the Proton Suprima S hatchback, and is also the successor of Proton Inspira.
Kazakhgold is a gold mining company based in Kazakhstan. It has gold mines at Aksu, Bestobe and Zholymbet and is one of Kazakhstan's largest mining companies.[2]

The Sapphires is an Australian play written by Tony Briggs and directed by Wesley Enoch.[1] It is set in 1968 (a year after the referendum, which symbolically expanded the rights of Aboriginal people) and it tells the story of The Sapphires, a singing group of four Yorta Yorta women who tour Vietnam during the war.[2][3]
Samuel Williams Inge (February 22, 1817 – June 10, 1868) was an American politician and a member of the United States House of Representatives from Alabama.
The Ohio Clock (or Senate Clock) is a clock in the United States Capitol. The United States Senate ordered the clock from Thomas Voigt in 1815, and it has stood in or near the Senate Chamber since 1859.
Bartow Historic District, in Bartow, Georgia is a historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[1]  The district included 121 contributing buildings, three contributing structures, and a contributing site.  Its  209 acres (85 ha) area is roughly centered along Church St. (U.S. Highway 221), Wadley Road (U.S. Highway 319) and the CSX rail line.[1]
Płaczewo [pwaˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Starogard Gdański, within Starogard County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south of Starogard Gdański and 53 km (33 mi) south of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Mirzaye Shirazi Metro Station is a station in line 3 of the Tehran Metro.[1][2] It is located on Shahid Behesthi Street's intersection with Mirza-ye Shirazi Street in Central Tehran's District 6. The station was opened on February 10, 2016.[3]
Scud (born 20 March 1967) is the professional name of Guangzhou, China-born Hong Kong film producer, screenwriter and film director, Danny Cheng Wan-Cheung (Chinese: 雲翔). He says that he chose the name "Scud" to match his Chinese name, which translates in English as "Scudding Clouds". His films explore somewhat taboo themes within Hong Kong cinema, including same-sex relationships and drug-taking. His film-making style eschews cynicism or gritty realism, and embraces an acceptance of the life choices made by his characters, rather than a search for "solutions". Scud has cited Pier Paolo Pasolini, Yukio Mishima, Pedro Almodovar and Peter Greenaway as directors who have influenced his work.[1]
Ben Aknoun (Arabic: بن عكنون) is a commune of Algiers Province and a suburb of the city of Algiers in northern Algeria. As of the 2008 census, the commune's population was 18,838.[1]
The first season of Shear Genius aired on Bravo from April to May 2007.
The New Japanese Literature Association (新日本文学会, Shin Nihon Bungakkai), was a professional association for Japanese writers, poets, and literary critics that existed from 1945 to 2005. For many years, the association was under the influence of the Japan Communist Party, before breaking away in the 1960s.[1] In the early postwar era, it counted large numbers of the most prominent Japanese writers and critics as members. 
Lake Golovița is part of a complex of lagoons on Romania's Black Sea coast. It is connected to the larger Lake Razelm on the north by a channel 3.1 kilometres (1.9 mi) wide, to Lake Zmeica on the south by three narrow channels, and separated from the Black Sea's salt water by a narrow spit of sand no more than 46 metres (151 ft) wide at some points along its eastern margin. This closure was completed artificially in the 1970s, and has caused the lagoon to lose all salinity, increase renewal times to over a year, and develop eutrophication.[1] It is part of the Danube Delta Biosphere Reserve.
Dick Tracy is an American TV series based on the detective comic strip Dick Tracy. The show aired on ABC from September 11, 1950 to April 7, 1951.[1] It starred Ralph Byrd.[2][3][4]
Sir Ralph Abercrombie Campbell was Chief Justice of the Bahamas from 10 August 1960 to 31 May 1970.[1]
The European qualification for the 2021 World Men's Handball Championship, in Egypt, would have been contested by the teams that did not qualify for the 2020 European Men's Handball Championship and the 20 teams that played the tournament but were not pre-qualified or failed to reach a qualifying ranking place. In total, 34 teams were competing for 10 places at the final tournament.
General elections were held in the Marshall Islands on 10 April 1979.[1]
The following are the basketball events of the year 1982  throughout the world.
Robert MacDonald Ford, Jr. (May 2, 1911 – June 9, 2004)[1] was an American  insurance agent who served as a Democratic[2] state representative for the Bremerton area of the State of Washington from 1941 to 1943 and from 1945 to 1953.  Ford was Democratic Floor Leader of the House of Representatives; Chairman of the House Highways Committee; and instrumental in the creation of the Agate Pass Bridge between Bainbridge Island and the Olympic Peninsula.[3]
Jiang (Chinese: 蔣/Pinyin: Jiǎng) was a vassal state that existed during the Zhou dynasty until the middle Spring and Autumn period. In 617 BC it was annexed by the state of Chu.
Fred Kohler (born 22 April 1920) is a German-born American inventor, author, and lecturer. He wrote about the human species becoming a "societal organism" (his original terminology) or super organism (in the popular modern usage) as a further development in the human evolution of life.
Beatrice Hilda Falk became Beatrice Hilda Levy and Lady (Arthur) Lever (November 3, 1873 – May 28, 1917) was a titled UK nurse. Her premature death working as a volunteer nurse led to a memorial window in York Minster.
Chief of the Luftwaffe Personnel Office (German: Chef des Luftwaffen-Personalamtes) was not a rank but a leading position within the German Luftwaffe High Command in Nazi Germany.
The Haven Nuclear Power Plant was a  proposed nuclear power plant in Haven, Wisconsin north of Sheboygan at the site of closed military camp called Camp Haven. The power plant was proposed in the 1970s by Wisconsin Electric, but was never built. Two 900 MWe Westinghouse pressurized water reactor were proposed in 1973. Reactor one was canceled in 1978 and reactor two was canceled in 1980.[1] After plans never materialized, the Kohler Company purchased the site. Construction of the Whistling Straits golf course began in 1995.
Florens-Louis Heidsieck (1749–1828) was the founder of the Champagne house Heidsieck & Co from which later Piper-Heidsieck was spun off, and which was the start of the Heidsieck Champagne clan. Heidsieck was the son of a Lutheran minister from Westphalia, and had moved to Reims to work as a cloth merchant. In Reims, he went into winemaking and started producing his own wine in 1780.[1][2]
The 2019 Pan American U20 Athletics Championships is the 20th edition of the biennial track and field competition for under-20 athletes from the Americas, organised by the Association of Panamerican Athletics. It is held in San José, Costa Rica, from 19 to 21 July 2019.[1][2][3]

This is a list of current and former presidents of the Philippines by time in office that consists of the 17 presidents in the history of the Philippines. The basis of the list is counted by the number of calendar days.
Ch. Strathtay Prince Albert (3 July 1910 – unknown), a Bulldog, was the winner of the title of Best in Show at the Westminster Kennel Club Dog Show in 1913. He placed third at the show in 1914 and continued to appear at the competition for several years afterwards, winning Best of Breed on several more occasions.
This list of advertising awards is an index to articles about notable awards given to the advertising industry. The list is organized by the home country of the sponsor, although most awards are not limited to one country. The list is restricted to the advertising industry, as opposed to trade organizations, film and music festivals, and so on where the awards may be considered to have some advertising value. 
Maizales is a barrio in the municipality of Naguabo, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,913.[3][4][5]

Spicerhaart Group Ltd is an English estate agency and financial services company based in Colchester, Essex, and operating throughout the United Kingdom. It is the largest independent estate agency network in the UK.
Ken Shirk (Kenneth Ivan Shirk, popularly known as Cowman and Cowman A MooHa[1]) is an ultramarathon runner who in 1976 was the ninth person to complete the course of The Western States Trail Ride on foot.[2]  In 1977 the Western States Endurance Run was officially established on the same course. As of 2006 he also has raced officially and unofficially in every Ironman World Championship except the first one.[1]
Tiki Towers (known as Tropical Towers in the United Kingdom)[4] is a puzzle video game developed by Mock Science and published by RealNetworks division GameHouse. It was released for WiiWare, BlackBerry, iOS (iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad), Android, Windows Phone and Symbian S60. The game has been likened to the similar puzzle game World of Goo.[5] A sequel titled Tiki Towers 2: Monkey Republic was released in January 2011.[6][7]
Abdelilah may refer to:
The 2009 World Junior A Challenge was an international Junior "A" ice hockey tournament hosted by Hockey Canada.  The 2009 World Junior A Challenge was hosted by the Canadian City of Summerside, Prince Edward Island from November 1 to November 8, 2009 at the Consolidated Credit Union Place.
Hamza Al-Farissi (Berber: ⵃⴰⵎⵣⴰ ⵍⴼⴰⵔⵉⵙⵉ, Ḥamza l-Farisi; Arabic: حمزة الفارسي, Hamzat āl-Fārisi; born 1 August 1994), better known by the mononym Hamza, is a Belgian rapper, singer and beatmaker. Hamza is signed to Rec. 118 and Warner Music.
The Okkervil (Russian: Оккервиль) is a river in Leningrad Oblast and the eastern part of the city of Saint Petersburg, Russia. It is the largest left tributary of the Okhta. It is 18 kilometres (11 mi) long and 1.5 to 25 metres (4.9 to 82.0 ft) wide.
Walter Kolbenhoff, born as Walter Hoffman (20 May 1908 – 29 January 1993), was a German novelist.
Abdulwahid Ahmad Hassan AlAbduljabbar (Arabic: عبدالواحد احمد حسن العبدالجبار) was a Saudi political activist. Born in 1935 in Qatif, died June 15, 1970, of torture in the garden of the prison in Jeddah by Saudi authorities. He was arrested on June 4, 1970, with Abdulwahid Faraj AlOmran, both were murdered on the night of June 15, 1970, and both were buried in a ditch the prison's garden. The charge against him by the Saudi-Pakistani colonel was of if there was any relations to, and whether the failed coup was a front for George Habash, Nayef Hawatmeh, Mohsen Ibrahim, Nasser AlSaeed and the Union of the People of the Arabian Peninsula, all Socialist personalities and organizations. The annual report of the International Committee for the Defense of Human Rights in the Gulf and the Arabian Peninsula in 1989 mentioned him getting arrested and after 11 days of torture he died of severe hemorrhage leaving behind a wife and one son named Khalid.[1]
Literary Short Novel Casino de Mieres (Premio de Novela Casino de Mieres)  is a Spanish literary prize awarded annually since 1980 in Mieres (Asturias) to an original and unpublished short novel. It is selected by an Award Committee consisting of  great personalities from Asturias Literary and Arts circle.
Biodegradable Packaging for Environment Public Co. Ltd., (BPE) is a Thai company. It manufactures biodegradable, compostable, therefore disposable tableware products. The products primarily are made from bagasse, a natural product made from the pulp of sugar cane after the sugar has been extracted. From its founding in 2005 until 2012 BPE branded its products as "Biochanaoy". In 2012 it renamed its brand, "Gracz".[1]
The Baskin School of Engineering, known simply as Baskin Engineering,[1] is the school of engineering at the University of California, Santa Cruz.  It consists of six departments: Applied Mathematics, Biomolecular Engineering, Computational Media, Computer Science and Engineering, Electrical and Computer Engineering, and Statistics.
The Middle Bronze Age Cold Epoch was a period of unusually cold climate in the North Atlantic region that lasted about from 1800 BC to 1500 BC.[1]
[2] It was followed by the Bronze Age Optimum (1500—900 BC).
Campaign Promises is a 1988 video game published by Front Runner Software Company.
The district courts (Chinese: 地方法院; pinyin: Dìfāng Fǎyuàn; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tē-hng Hoat-īⁿ) are the ordinary trial courts of general jurisdiction under the law of Taiwan. Currently there are 22 district courts under the jurisdiction of the Republic of China (Taiwan).
In topological graph theory, a 1-planar graph is a graph that can be drawn in the Euclidean plane in such a way that each edge has at most one crossing point, where it crosses a single additional edge. If a 1-planar graph, one of the most natural generalizations of planar graphs, is drawn that way, the drawing is called a 1-plane graph or 1-planar embedding of the graph.
Playmates is a 1941 American comedy film directed by David Butler and written by James V. Kern. The film stars Kay Kyser, John Barrymore (in his final film), Lupe Vélez, Ginny Simms, May Robson and Patsy Kelly. It was released on December 26, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.[1][2]
Jaleel Roberts (born October 14, 1992) is an American professional basketball player who last played for Mantarrayas de La Paz of the Circuito de Baloncesto de la Costa del Pacífico (CIBACOPA). He played college basketball for UNC Asheville.
Cristina Nardozzi is an American model, actress, television personality, and beauty pageant titleholder who has competed in the Miss USA 2005 pageant but Unplaced.
Jacob Hirschorn (May 19, 1829 in Fuerth, Bavaria – February 2, 1906 in St. Louis, MO) [1] was a Jewish-American immigrant from Germany who served in the U.S.-Mexican War and wrote a dramatic memoir entitled "The Mexican War. Reminiscences of a Volunteer" from which the following information and quotations are taken.[2]
The Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway (reporting mark WLE) was a Class I railroad mostly within the U.S. state of Ohio. It was leased to the New York, Chicago and St. Louis Railroad (Nickel Plate Road) in 1949, and merged into the Norfolk and Western Railway in 1988. A new regional railroad reused the Wheeling and Lake Erie Railway name in 1990 when it acquired most of the former W&LE from the N&W.

This is a list of those who have held the position of Lord Lieutenant of the West Riding of Yorkshire from its creation in 1660 to its abolition on 31 March 1974. From 1699 until 1974, all Lords Lieutenant were also Custos Rotulorum of the West Riding of Yorkshire.  The incumbent Lord Lieutenant became in 1974 Lord Lieutenant of West Yorkshire, covering a smaller area.
The Orient Commercial Joint Stock Bank (also known as Oricombank[1] and OCB,[2] Vietnamese: Ngân hàng Phương Đông) is a large bank located in Vietnam.[3] Its Swift code is ORCOVNVX.[4]
The Cover Up is the  third album from synthpop band I Am the World Trade Center, released in 2004. It is the first album released after the closure of the band's record label, Kindercore, which was co-founded by Dan Geller. It is also the first album released by Geller and Amy Dykes after their romantic break-up.
Karim Sama (born 1971), more commonly known by his stage name Sams'K Le Jah, is a reggae musician, radio host and political activist from Burkina Faso. He was born in the neighbouring Ivory Coast, before coming to Burkina Faso in 1985.[1] During his teens he was a member of the Pioneers of the Revolution, a youth movement created by Captain Thomas Sankara, a radical left-wing revolutionary who came to power in 1983 military coup.[2] A member of the Rastafari movement as well as a Sankarist, he upholds both Sankara and Haile Selassie.[1]
Ridgeland Mansion is an historic two-and-a-half story, gable-roofed house located in west Fairmount Park, Philadelphia. The land was purchased by a yeoman named William Couch in 1718 and the current house was probably constructed sometime between 1752 and 1762.[4]
Central City is a village in Marion County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,098 at the 2020 census.[3]
Thijs Zonneveld (born 28 September 1980 in Leiden) is a Dutch journalist and a cyclist,[1] who currently rides for UCI Continental team BEAT Cycling.[2]
Rovato (Italian: Stazione di Rovato) is a railway station serving the town of Rovato, in the region of Lombardy, northern Italy. The station opened on 5 March 1878 and is located on the Milan–Venice railway and Bergamo–Brescia railway. The train services are operated by  Trenord.
Karnaz Subdistrict (Arabic: ناحية كرناز) is a subdistrict (nahiya) of the Mhardeh District in Hama.  The center of this subdistrict is Karnaz. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), the Karnaz Subdistrict had a population of 25,039 in the 2004 census.[1]
Eka soup, also known as ekuku, is a delicacy of three tribes in the Eastern region of Nigeria. It is prepared from mashed palm kernel, roasted groundnut and benne seeds. Eka soup is commonly eaten with starchy foods such as fufu.[1] Eka Soup (Beniseed soup) is a popular dish among the Idomas of Benue State, the Ogojas in Cross River and the Ibirams of Kogi state.[2]
Karimabad (Persian: كريم اباد, also Romanized as Karīmābād)[1] is a village in Tork-e Gharbi Rural District, Jowkar District, Malayer County, Hamadan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 573, in 127 families.[2]
Frank Giampietro is an American poet.  He is interim director of the Cleveland State University Poetry Center, visiting assistant professor of poetry at Cleveland State University, and the Northeast Ohio Master of Fine Arts Program (NEOMFA) program.  He is author of Begin Anywhere (Alice James Books, 2008). He was the 2010-2012 resident scholar at The Southern Review and has had poems, book reviews, and nonfiction published in many literary journals and magazines including 32 Poems,[1] Cimarron Review[2] Columbia Poetry Review, CutBank, Exquisite Corpse, Fence, Hayden's Ferry Review, Ploughshares,[3] Cimarron Review[4] and Rain Taxi.[5] His honors include a 2008 Florida Book Award (a bronze medal in poetry),[6] a fellowship from Sewanee Writers' Conference, and a Kingsbury Fellowship from Florida State University. He is creator and editor of two literary websites, La Fovea[7] and Poems by Heart. [8]
Giampietro earned an MA from Washington College, an MFA from Vermont College of Fine Arts, and a PhD in English from Florida State University. He lives in Farmington, Maine with his wife, the potter, Cherie Giampietro[9] and two children.[10]
Frederiksberg Ældre Kirkegård is a cemetery in Frederiksberg, Copenhagen. It was established in 1734 behind Frederiksberg Church.
Sukhra (also spelled Sufaray, Sufray, Surkhab, Sarafra'i) was an Iranian nobleman from the House of Karen, who was the de facto ruler of the Sasanian Empire from 484 to 493. He was active during the reign of shah Peroz I (r. 457-484), Balash (r. 484 – 488) and Kavad I (r. 488-496). He is often confused with his father Zarmihr Hazarwuxt and son Zarmihr Karen.

The 1996 South American Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships were held in Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia.[1][2]
 Djezzar District is a district of Batna Province, Algeria.
During the 2004–05 season, League 2, which is in fact the third tier of the Iranian football league system, was organised in two groups each of ten teams. At the end of the season Shahrdari Langarud and Pegah Khozestan as group winners were promoted to the Azadegan League.
The 1903 Canadian Amateur Hockey League (CAHL) season was the fifth season of the league. Teams played an eight game schedule. Ottawa and Montreal Victorias tied for the league championship with records of six wins and two losses. Ottawa defeated the Victorias in a two-game playoff to win the season and their first Stanley Cup championship, the first of "Silver Seven" era.
Valozhyn or Volozhin (Belarusian: Вало́жын, romanized: Valožyn, IPA: [vaˈɫoʐɨn]; Russian: Воло́жин; Lithuanian: Valažinas; Polish: Wołożyn; Yiddish: וואָלאָזשין)[1] is a town in Minsk Region, Belarus. It is located 75 km (47 mi) northwest of Minsk, on the Valozhynka River in the Neman River basin, and the beginning of the Naliboki forest. The population is 11,500 (1995).
The A Dogwood District is a high school conference of the Virginia High School League which draws most of its members from Lynchburg and Danville, Virginia areas. The schools in the Dogwood District compete in A Region B with the schools of the A Bull Run District, the A James River District and the A Shenandoah District. For several years, the district was a "combination district" with some teams in Group A and others in Group AA Region III, with often-complicated procedures for advancement to Region playoffs. 
Luc Debaillie is a Belgian businessman.
On the Edge of Innocence is a 1997 television drama film directed by Peter Werner. It stars Kellie Martin as a manic-depressive teenager.
American intervention
1965

Anthony Mulvey (1882 – 11 January 1957) was an Irish nationalist politician.

This is a list of Southern Illinois Salukis football players in the NFL Draft.
Itna Union (Bengali: ইতনা ইউনিয়ন) is an Union Parishad under Lohagara Upazila of Narail District in the division of Khulna, Bangladesh.[1] It has an area of 75.11 km2 (29.00 sq mi) and a population of 35,138.[2]
"Old Enough to Know Better" is a song co-written and recorded by American country music singer Wade Hayes.  It was released in November 1994 as the first single and title track from his debut album Old Enough to Know Better, as well as his debut single.  The song is also his only Number One hit, having reached its peak on the Billboard country charts in February of that year.  It was written by Hayes and Chick Rains.
Lewis Philip Ohliger (January 3, 1843 – January 9, 1923) was an American politician who briefly served as a U.S. Representative from Ohio from 1892 to 1893.
Koruköy (Kurdish: Qor) is a village in the Adıyaman District, Adıyaman Province, Turkey.[1] The village is populated by Kurds of the Kawan tribe and had a population of 131 in 2021.[2][3]
Section 3 is one of the eleven sections of the New York State Public High School Athletic Association (NYSPHSAA). The section covers Central New York and, like the other sections of the NYSPHSAA, is further divided into leagues. Each school is also given a class (i.e. AA, A, B...) based on the size of the school. Schools compete with their leagues mostly, but also compete with other schools throughout the season, especially towards the end of a season during championship time.
Marlon Farias Castelo Branco (born 14 September 1985 in Belém), or simply Marlon, is a Brazilian footballer. He currently plays for Tuna Luso.[1][2]
611 Place is a 42-story, 189 m (620 ft) skyscraper at 611 West 6th Street in Downtown Los Angeles, California,[6] designed by William L. Pereira & Associates and completed in 1969. The building was commissioned by the now-defunct Crocker Citizen's Bank, and served as its Southern California headquarters until 1983, when it moved to Crocker Center, now Wells Fargo Center (Los Angeles). It was subsequently bought by AT&T. It was the tallest building in Los Angeles upon completion, and the first building to surpass Los Angeles City Hall in terms of structural height (many buildings had surpassed City Hall with decorative spires, the first being Richfield Tower). It consists of a cross-shaped tower clad in vertical aluminum beams, and supported on its west side by an immense, blank slab of concrete running the entire height of the building, which houses elevator and utility shafts and is used to display corporate logos. The building features a number of Pereira's design trademarks, including cleft vertical columns, grid patterned ceilings, and architectural lanterns fitted to the exterior.
The 1984 Winter Paralympics medal table is a list of National Paralympic Committees (NPCs) ranked by the number of gold medals won by their athletes during the 1984 Winter Paralympics, held in Innsbruck, Austria, from January 14 to January 20, 1984.
"Animal Rap" is the lead single by hip hop group Jedi Mind Tricks from their third album Visions of Gandhi (2003). The first vinyl pressing was released in 2002[1] and the CD pressing was released in 2003.[2] The single was the group's first release on Babygrande Records. There are two versions of the song; "Animal Rap (Arturo Gatti Mix)" and "Animal Rap (Micky Ward Mix)"—both referencing the rivalry between the boxers. The former features an intense orchestral sample (incidental music from the film The Bonfire of the Vanities), matched with Mike Tyson interview clips, and the latter features a melancholy guitar loop, matched with a light, sung vocal sample.
Ángel Víctor Torres Pérez (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈaŋxel ˈβiɣtoɾ ˈtores ˈpeɾeθ]: born 30 March 1966) is a Spanish politician who serves as the president of the Canary Islands. He is the secretary-general of the Socialist Party of the Canaries (PSC–PSOE).
Tuszyński is a Polish surname with Tuszyńska feminine form. Notable people with the surname include:
Thomas James Fleming (July 5, 1927 – July 23, 2017) was an American historian and historical novelist and the author of over forty nonfiction and fiction titles. His work reflects a particular interest on the American Revolution, with titles such as Liberty! The American Revolution And The Future Of America, Duel: Alexander Hamilton, Aaron Burr, and the History of America and Washington's Secret War: The Hidden History of Valley Forge.
The Delfino is a concept car built by Alfa Romeo in 1983.
USS SP-1595 was a United States Navy patrol vessel in commission during World War I.
Moso Island is an island off the northwest coast of Efate in Vanuatu, in Shefa Province. It is separated from Efate by Namoso Passage, which is 200 metres (660 ft) wide at its narrowest point.
Kibata is an administrative ward in Kilwa District of Lindi Region in Tanzania. 
The ward covers an area of 139.5 km2 (53.9 sq mi),[1] and has an average elevation of 415 m (1,362 ft).[2] According to the 2012 census, the ward has a total population of 8,730.[3] The ward seat is Kibata village.[4]
Webb (2021 population: 71)[5] is a village in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan within the Rural Municipality of Webb No. 138 and Census Division No. 8.
Wamogo Regional High School is a public school in Litchfield, Connecticut.[2] It serves grades 9 through 12. It is the public high school for the surrounding towns of Morris, Warren, and Goshen. Additionally, students from the towns of Litchfield, Torrington, Terryville, Plymouth, Harwinton, Burlington, and Thomaston can attend if they apply to the Agriculture Education Program for high school students only. Wamogo Regional Middle School is located in the same facility and serves grades 6 through 8.[3]

Maximilian Petty (c. 1583 – 1639) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.
Squabble Creek is a stream in Rockwall County, Texas, in the United States.[1]
Göynücek District is a district of Amasya Province of Turkey. Its seat is the town Göynücek.[1] Its area is 591 km2,[2] and its population is 10,291 (2021).[3] It borders the provinces of Tokat, Çorum and Yozgat.
Amin Al-Hamawi (Arabic: امين الحماوي; born 17 December 2003) is an Iraqi professional footballer who plays as a striker for Superettan club Helsingborgs IF and the Iraq under-23 national team.
The 1952 Ole Miss Rebels football team represented the University of Mississippi during the 1952 college football season.[2] The Rebels were led by sixth-year head coach Johnny Vaught and played their home games at Hemingway Stadium in Oxford, Mississippi. Ole Miss finished the regular season undefeated and on a six-game winning streak, including a victory over reigning Sugar Bowl champion and previously undefeated Maryland. They were third in the Southeastern Conference, with a record of 8–0–2 (4–0–2 SEC), and ranked 7th in the AP Poll. The Rebels were invited to their first ever Sugar Bowl, where they lost to SEC champion Georgia Tech.
Radio Gaalkacyo is a radio station based in Galkayo, Somalia.
Jefferson Township is a township in Nodaway County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
Kagamzincé (or Kagamzensé) is a village in the Doulougou Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso. The village has a population of 972.[1]
The arboreal theory claims that primates evolved from their ancestors by adapting to arboreal life.[1][2] It was proposed by Grafton Elliot Smith (1912), a neuroanatomist who was chiefly concerned with the emergence of the primate brain.
Sandwell Priory was a small medieval Benedictine monastery, near West Bromwich, then part of Staffordshire, England. It was founded in the late 12th century by a local landowner and was only modestly endowed. It had a fairly turbulent history and suffered considerably from mismanagement. It was dissolved in 1525 at the behest of Cardinal Wolsey – more than a decade before the main Dissolution of the Monasteries under Henry VIII.
Iwao Ōtani (Japanese: 大谷 巌, Hepburn: Ōtani Iwao, 1919 – August 3, 2017) was a Japanese recording engineer who worked with influential film directors Akira Kurosawa and Kenji Mizoguchi.
Grenland Framnæs (formerly Hitec Framnæs) is a design and engineering company operating in the oil and gas, marine and process industries. The company headquarters are in Sandefjord and Stavanger, Norway.
Semiramide riconosciuta (Semiramis recognised) is a dramma per musica in two acts by Giacomo Meyerbeer. It is the composer's fifth opera and the second that he composed for a theatre in Italy. The text is an adaptation of a pre-existing libretto by Pietro Metastasio that had already been set to music by numerous other composers. The opera had its premiere at the Teatro Regio in Turin on 3 February 1819.[1]
The 2022–23 season is Ittihad Riadi Tanger's 40th season in existence and the club's 24th in the top flight of Moroccan football, and eighth consecutive.
Sahle Dengel (Ge'ez: ሣህለ ድንግል; 1778 – 11 February 1855)  was Emperor of Ethiopia intermittently between 1832 and 11 February 1855, towards the end of the Zemene Mesafint. He was largely a figurehead, with real power in the hands of Ras Ali II of Yejju.
Chandina (Bengali: চান্দিনা) is an upazila of Comilla District in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.[1]
"Justice as Fairness: Political not Metaphysical" is an essay by John Rawls, published in 1985.[1] In it he describes his conception of justice. It comprises two main principles of liberty and equality; the second is subdivided into fair equality of opportunity and the difference principle.

The following is a list of ports in Pakistan. All ports in Pakistan are maintained and governed by the Ministry of Maritime Affairs, Government of Pakistan.
Diego Castejón Fonseca  (1580 – 19 February 1655) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Tarazona (1643–1655) and Bishop of Lugo (1634–1636).[1]
Eriksbergs Mekaniska Verkstads AB was a Swedish shipbuilding company based in Gothenburg. It was founded in 1850 by Christian Barchman under the name Ericsbergs metall och tackjerns-gjuteri. It delivered its last ship in 1979.
The communauté de communes du Haut Pays Marchois  was located in the Creuse département of the Limousin  region of central France. It was created in January 2002.[1] It was merged into the new Communauté de communes Marche et Combraille en Aquitaine in January 2017.
Husan (Arabic: حوسان) is a Palestinian town located 9 km (5.6 mi) west of Bethlehem, in the Bethlehem Governorate. According to the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics, Husan had a population of 5,511 in 2007.[2]
The New York State Hospital Commission is a subdivision of the New York State Department of Health. It was called the State Commission in Lunacy from 1895 to 1912.
Regurgitator is a compilation album by H3llb3nt, released on May 29, 2001 by Invisible Records.[1] It contains tracks drawn from the band's first two releases, 0.01 and Helium.
Konchem Touchlo Vunte Cheputanu is a 2004 Indian Telugu-language romantic drama film directed by Vamsy and starring Sivaji and Veda.[1]
AdvanFort is a US private maritime security company founded in 2009 and headquartered in Herndon, Virginia. It focuses on defense and homeland security products, technologies and services. Currently it has more than 100 employees and 200 contractors. In addition to groups of security teams working in several areas of the world and a fleet of operator support vessels in the Indian Ocean, the company has both a mission operations center and a threat analysis center. Until July 2013, it published  weekly global piracy threat analysis, available without charge on its website.
Frost Township is a civil township of Clare County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 1,038 at the 2020 census.[2]
The Organization X (Greek: Οργάνωσις Χ; commonly referred to simply as X ("Chi" in Greek), and members as Chites (Χίτες)) was a paramilitary right-wing anti-communist royalist organization set up in 1941 during the Axis occupation of Greece.[2][3]
Robert William McConnell (c. 1944 – 5 April 1976), was an Ulster loyalist paramilitary who allegedly carried out or was an accomplice to a number of sectarian attacks and killings, although he never faced any charges or convictions.[1] McConnell served part-time as a corporal in the 2nd Battalion Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR), and was a suspected member of the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF).[2][3][4]
Gabriela Weronika Janik (born 10 March 1993) is a Polish artistic gymnast. She competed at the 2020 Olympic Games and the 2019 World Championships.[1]
Ruba Parish (Latvian: Rubas pagasts) is an administrative unit of Saldus Municipality, Latvia.
The Double aspect doctrine in Canadian constitutional law is one that allows for laws to be created by both provincial and federal governments in relation to the same subject matter. Typically, the federalist system assigns subject matters of legislation to a single head of power. However, certain matters have several dimensions to them, such that for one purpose the matter will fall to one head of power, while for another purpose, it will fall to the other. For example, highway traffic laws fall into the property and civil rights power of the province, but equally, can be a criminal offence which is in the criminal law power of the federal government.
Stroyevskoye (Russian: Строевское) is a rural locality (a selo) in Ustyansky District, Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. The population was 547 as of 2010.[2] There are 18 streets.
Agriculture Hall is a Beaux Arts-style building on the campus of the University of Wisconsin–Madison built in 1903. In 1985 it was added to the National Register of Historic Places for its architecture and because it housed the first Department of Agricultural Economics in the U.S. and the first department of genetics.[1][2]
Gal Yekutiel (born November 4, 1981 in Jerusalem, Israel) is an Israeli judoka. He competes in the extra lightweight (under 60 kg) weight category.
Rodrigo Kenton Johnson (born March 5, 1955) is a Costa Rican football coach and former player. He is known as La Bomba Kenton ("The Kenton Bomb").
Sankey diagrams are a type of flow diagram in which the width of the arrows is proportional to the flow rate of the depicted extensive property.
This is a timeline of UK television coverage of American Football on UK television..
Hilco Global is a multinational financial services holding company. It operates over twenty businesses in five continents and specializes in asset valuation, advisory, monetization capital, and disposition services. Headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois, it has offices throughout the world and provides services to companies, their lenders and professional services advisers across a broad spectrum of business categories including retail, commercial, industrial and financial.  Hilco Global delivers services focused on maximizing the value of under-performing and excess retail, consumer products and industrial inventory, real estate, intellectual property, including consumer brands, patents, and accounts receivable. Hilco Global is also considered one of the largest distressed investment and advisory companies in the world.[1]
Sabina de Iturbide y Huarte (30 December 1810 — 15 July 1871)[citation needed] was the daughter of Agustín de Iturbide and Ana María Huarte who received the title of Mexican Princess during the First Mexican Empire by the Constituent Congress.
Miguel Antonio Osuna Millán (born 1 March 1970) is a Mexican politician from the National Action Party. From 2009 to 2012 he served as Deputy of the LXI Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Baja California.[1]
Chura kampo (Tibetan dried cheese) is a Tibetan cheese and important within the cuisine of Tibet. Chura kampo is made from the curds left over from boiling buttermilk.[1]
There are many possible shapes for chura kampo. Small pieces of Chura kampo are eaten similarly to how candy bars are eaten in Western countries. This cheese is composed of little chunks of dried hard cheese that last long when it is chewed.
Piney Point Village is a city in Harris County, Texas, United States. The population was 3,125 at the 2010 census.[5] Piney Point Village is the wealthiest place in Texas, as ranked by per capita income. It is part of a collection of upscale residential communities in west Houston known as the Memorial Villages.
Wolf Creek is a stream in eastern St. Francois County in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1] It is a tributary of the St. Francis River.
Smole is a Slovenian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Metamotivation is a term coined by Abraham Maslow to describe the motivation of people who are self-actualized and striving beyond the scope of their basic needs to reach their full potential. Maslow suggested that people are initially motivated by a series of basic needs,[1] called the hierarchy of needs. Maslow states, "Self-actualizing people are gratified in all their basic needs (of belongingness, affection, respect, and self-esteem)".[2] Once a person has successfully navigated the hierarchy of needs thus satisfying all their basic needs, Maslow proposed they then travel "a path called growth motivation".[3]
Bryan's Store is a historic saloon and general store located at Loudonville in Albany County, New York.

Prostitution in Chad is illegal[1] but common, especially in the urban centres and the south of the country.[2] UNAIDS estimates there are 1,200 prostitutes in the country.[3] Many are from Cameroon.[4][5]
The Turkic Islamic Republic of East Turkestan (TIRET) was a short-lived breakaway Islamic republic founded on 12 November 1933. It was centred on the city of Kashgar in West of Xinjiang province (1912–1992)  in what is today a part of Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region. Sometimes referred to simply as the East Turkestan Republic (ETR), it was primarily the product of an independence movement of the Uyghur population living there and more broadly of Turkic-ethnicity in character, including Kyrgyz and other Turkic peoples in its government and its population.
Amirreza Pourramezanali (Persian: امیرپرمضانعلی; born September 23, 1992) is an Iranian chess Grandmaster (2016).[1] On the May 2016 FIDE list, he had an Elo rating of 2515.
George is a surname of Irish, English, Welsh, South Indian Christian, Middle Eastern Christian (usually Lebanese), French, or Native American origin.[1] The German form is Georg. Notable people with the surname include:
Glutamate receptor-interacting protein (GRIP) refers to either a family of proteins that bind to the glutamate receptor or specifically to the GRIP1 protein within this family. Proteins in the glutamate receptor-interacting protein (GRIP) family have been shown to interact with GluR2, a common subunit in the AMPA receptor.[1] This subunit also interacts with other proteins such as protein interacting with C-kinase1 (PICK1) and N-ethylmaleimide-sensitive fusion protein (NSF). Studies have begun to elucidate its function; however, much is still to be learned about these proteins.
SITPRO Limited was a UK non-departmental public body that was constituted as a limited company and was focused on the removal of barriers to international trade through the simplification and harmonisation of trade procedures. Based in London, SITPRO was dedicated to encouraging and helping business trade more effectively and to simplifying the international trading process. It was closed as part of government cut-backs in September 2010.
Kaze-no-Bon (風の盆) is a Japanese festival held every year from September 1 to 3 in Yatsuo, Toyama, Japan. Kaze-no-Bon literally translates to "Bon Dance of the Wind."
Riofreddo is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region Lazio, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northeast of Rome. The name is derived from the Latin "Rivus frigidus," meaning "cold river" or "cold stream."
In 1878 the Austro-Hungarian Empire occupied Bosnia and Herzegovina and in 40 years had an immense influence in future urban planning and architecture. Stylistically, Bosnia was to be assimilated into the European mainstream (hence the use of historicist architectural styles), save for the appearance of the Orientalist style.
Anthony Sichi (born 21 June 1986) is a French former professional footballer who played as a midfielder.
Dibombari is a town and commune in Cameroon.
38°15′00″N 28°03′32″E﻿ / ﻿38.250°N 28.059°E﻿ / 38.250; 28.059
Lecelles (French pronunciation: ​[ləsɛl]) is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.[3]

Edward Henry Clark (1870 – 24 June 1932) was an Independent Member of Parliament for Chalmers, in the South Island of New Zealand. He was a Member of the Legislative Council and for a time was its Chairman of Committees.
Andrei Ivanovich Stepanov (Russian: Андрей Иванович Степанов; died 17 June 2018)[1] was a Soviet and Russian diplomat, professor, and author.
The George Washington Law Review is a bimonthly law review edited and published by students at the George Washington University Law School. It was established in 1932 and publishes scholarly articles, essays, and student notes. A double issue covers the annual Law Review Symposium. To celebrate its 75th Anniversary in 2006, the review published its inaugural issue of the Annual Review of Administrative Law which has become an annual feature. According to the Journal Citation Reports, the journal has a 2021 impact factor of 1.548.[1]
Zhivoye Delo (Vital Cause) was a Menshevik legal weekly newspaper in Russia, published in St. Petersburg from January to April 1912. In total, sixteen issues appeared. Its contributors included L. Martov, F. Dan and P. Axelrod.[1]
Sandra L. Hall (born September 5, 1951)[3] is an American blues and soul blues singer and songwriter. She has been billed as  Atlanta's "Empress of the Blues"[1] Hall is an Honorary Member of the Atlanta Blues Society.[4]  To date she has released five albums, including three on Ichiban Records.[5]
Arsia Mons /ˈɑːrsiə ˈmɒnz/ is the southernmost of three volcanoes (collectively known as Tharsis Montes) on the Tharsis bulge near the equator of the planet Mars. To its north is Pavonis Mons, and north of that is Ascraeus Mons. The tallest volcano in the Solar System, Olympus Mons, is to its northwest. Its name comes from a corresponding albedo feature on a map by Giovanni Schiaparelli, which he named in turn after the legendary Roman forest of Arsia Silva. Historically, it was known as Nodus Gordii ("Gordian knot") before being renamed.[1]
The Buffalo Bulls men's basketball statistical leaders are individual statistical leaders of the Buffalo Bulls men's basketball program in various categories, including points, rebounds, assists, steals, and blocks. Within those areas, the lists identify single-game, single-season, and career leaders. The Bulls represent the University at Buffalo in the NCAA's Mid-American Conference.[1]
Minamoto no Nakatsuna (died 1180) was an elder son of Minamoto no Yorimasa, was on active service, fighting in the Battle of Uji in 1180 during that part of Genpei War. He, his father and young brother Minamoto no Kanetsuna were fighting against Taira samurai. But they were not able to defeat the enemy so they safely returned to Byōdō-in temple for a short time. While Yorimasa's sons defended the temple, Yorimasa committed Seppuku rather than surrender. Nakatsuna soon followed.[1]
The Black Album (stylised as The BLACK ALBUM) is an unofficial compilation album of solo material by members of the British rock group The Beatles. It was created by the American actor Ethan Hawke, and became widely known as a result of its inclusion in Richard Linklater's 2014 film Boyhood. Hawke compiled the record to give to his daughter Maya on her 13th birthday in 2011, including personalised liner notes; it was then incorporated into Boyhood in scenes shot later that year, with Hawke's character giving it to his son as a birthday present.
Mark These Words is the seventh studio album by Bulgarian metal band Odd Crew, released on 9 October 2015.
Bridgeton is an unincorporated community in Raccoon Township, Parke County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.[3]  It is notable for its covered bridge, which was destroyed on April 28, 2005, by a fire set by an arsonist.  A historically accurate reconstruction of the bridge was completed in October, 2006.
Javier Espinosa Romero (born December 30, 1973) is a Mexican luchador, or masked professional wrestler best known under the ring name Tony Rivera. As Rivera he is currently working on the Mexican professional wrestling independent circuit portraying a tecnico ("Good guy") wrestling character. Rivera worked for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) for over 10 years, followed by him working on the Mexican independent circuit, particularly for International Wrestling Revolution Group (IWRG) and International Wrestling League (IWL). He originally worked as an Enmascarado or masked wrestler under the ring names Paris and Renegado ("The Renegade") but has used the name Tony Rivera since 1996. Following his departure from CMLL he became an advocate for wrestlers rights and pay, including Rivera organizing a blockade of one of CMLL's major shows, the 2011 Juicio Final.
Grodziec [ˈɡrɔd͡ʑɛt͡s] is a village in Konin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Grodziec.[1] It lies approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Konin and 89 km (55 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Level-set methods (LSM) are a conceptual framework for using level sets as a tool for numerical analysis of surfaces and shapes. The advantage of the level-set model is that one can perform numerical computations involving curves and surfaces on a fixed Cartesian grid without having to parameterize these objects (this is called the Eulerian approach).[1] Also, the level-set method makes it very easy to follow shapes  that change topology, for example, when a shape splits in two, develops holes, or the reverse of these operations.  All these make the level-set method a great tool for modeling time-varying objects, like inflation of an airbag, or a drop of oil floating in water.
Graphetics is a branch of linguistics concerned with the analysis of the physical properties of shapes used in writing.[1][2]
The name Nalgae has been used to name four tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. It was submitted by North Korea and it means a wing.
The Rohrbach Ro VII Robbe (English: Seal) was an all-metal, twin engine flying boat built in Germany in the 1920s. It could be adapted to commercial or military rôles.
Webb Pierce is an album from honky-tonk singer Webb Pierce that was released in October 1955 on the Decca label (DL 8129).[1] AllMusic gave the album four-and-a-half stars.[2]
The following are the baseball events of the year 1997  throughout the world.
KPRD is a Christian radio station licensed to Hays, Kansas, broadcasting on 88.9 MHz FM. It is owned by The Praise Network, Inc.[2]
Grevenberg is a hamlet in the Netherlands and is part of the Coevorden municipality in Drenthe. North of Grevenberg lies Oosterhesselen and south lies Wachtum.
Dustin Brown and Rogier Wassen were the defending champions, but decided not to participate together.
Brown plays alongside Michael Kohlmann, while Wassen partners up with Lukáš Rosol. Brown lost in the first round to Santiago Giraldo and Pere Riba and Wassen lost in the second round to Franco Ferreiro and André Sá.
The Saudi passport (Arabic: جواز السفر السعودي) is a passport document issued to citizens of Saudi Arabia for international travel. It is valid for five or ten lunar years.
Adrianna Lamalle (born 27 September 1982) is a French hurdler born in Les Abymes, Guadeloupe.
Statistics of Swedish football Division 2 for the 1973 season.
The Soviet Union actively tried to incorporate Marxist ideals into the study of linguistics.
Vladimir Cristi (1880–1956) was a Romanian publicist and politician who served as State Minister in the Nicolae Iorga government between 16 January and 6 June 1932.[1] Cristi was Mayor of Chișinău between 1938 and 1940.
Transformers/Back to the Future is a four-issue crossover comic miniseries from IDW Publishing that debuted in October 2020. The series is a crossover event to celebrate the 35th anniversary of the Transformers franchise by Hasbro and the Back to the Future films by Universal Pictures.[1][2]
Zurab Lavrentievich Sotkilava (Russian: Зураб Лаврентьевич Соткилава, Georgian: ზურაბ სოტკილავა;  12 March 1937 – 18 September 2017) was a Georgian operatic tenor and People's Artist of the USSR recipient.
Porost [ˈpɔrɔst] (German Porst) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bobolice, within Koszalin County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Bobolice, 42 km (26 mi) south-east of Koszalin, and 148 km (92 mi) north-east of the regional capital Szczecin.
Capital Fort (Bulgarian: Капитал Форт) Business Center is a Class A office building in Sofia. The height is 126 m, and was the tallest building in Bulgaria before the construction of Sky Fort with its 202 m. It has 28 floors and a surface area of 80,000 square metres (860,000 sq ft). The building has two underground floors which serve as parking lots for around 750 cars.[1]
The Battle of Sacramento was an engagement of the American Civil War that took place in Sacramento, Kentucky on December 28, 1861. Confederate cavalry under Colonel Nathan Bedford Forrest, numbering between 200 and 300, attacked, encircled and defeated a Union force of 500 under Major Eli H. Murray which had been watering south of the town after moving across the bank of the Green River. Though exact casualty information is disputed, with differing accounts from each side, several eyewitnesses attested to the personal courage of Forrest, and the Confederate commander was praised by his superiors for his bravery.
MARIN, the Maritime Research Institute Netherlands, is one of the leading institutes[citation needed] in the world for hydrodynamic research and maritime technology. The services incorporate a unique combination of simulation, model testing, full-scale measurements and training programmes.[1]  MARIN provides services to the shipbuilding and offshore industry and governments. Customers include commercial ship builders, fleet owners, naval architects, classification societies, oil and LNG companies and navies all over the world.
Rockledge is a historic summer estate house on Vermont Route 207 in Swanton, Vermont.  Architect Charles Saxe in 1918 designed alterations to an early 19th-century farmhouse, that is the principal surviving element of an early 20th-century gentleman's farm.  The property was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.[1]
The Pittsburgh Field Club is a private, American country club that was established in 1882. Located six miles (10 km) northeast of downtown Pittsburgh in the suburb of Fox Chapel, Pennsylvania, it is part of a quartet of courses in the suburbs northeast of Pittsburgh, along with the Longue Vue Club and Golf Course, Oakmont Country Club and the Seth Raynor-designed Fox Chapel Golf Club.
Arwi Muslims are Tamil-speaking Muslims.[1]
Leonid Ivanovych Plyushch (Ukrainian: Леоні́д Іва́нович Плющ, IPA: [ˈplʲuʃtʃ]; 26 April 1938, Naryn, Kirghiz SSR – 4 June 2015, Bessèges, France) was a Ukrainian mathematician and Soviet dissident. 
Mark Lothar [ló:tar] (born Lothar Hundertmark; 23 May 1902, in Berlin – 6 April 1985, in Munich) was a German composer.
Hans Edgar Neugebauer (17 November 1916 in Karlsruhe – 30 July 1994 in Cologne)[1] was a German opera director, set designer and opera singer (bass).
Witnica [vitˈnit͡sa] (German: Vietz in Ostbrandenburg)[2] is a town in western Poland, situated in the Lubusz Voivodeship, with 6,747 inhabitants (2019).
Yayma Boulet Peillon (born April 14, 1983, in Havana) is a women's basketball player from Cuba. Playing as a center she twice won a medal with the Cuba women's national basketball team at the Pan American Games during her career.[1]
Oliver Edward Nelson in London with Oily Rags is an album by Oliver Nelson featuring performances recorded in London in 1974 for the Flying Dutchman label.[1][2]
Then and Now is a studio album by American jazz saxophonist Grover Washington Jr. The record was released in 1988 through Columbia Records.
The 2017 ESF Women's Championship was an international European softball competition that was held in Bollate, Italy from 25 June to 1 July 2017.

Several concepts from mathematics and physics are named after the mathematician and astronomer Joseph-Louis Lagrange, as are a crater on the Moon and a street in Paris.
Dean Skira (born 20 October 1962) is a Croatian lighting designer.[1] Skira founded his own lighting design practice in 1990 in New York City, USA.[2] He lives and works in Pula, Croatia.
Benjamin C. Tollefsen (June 14, 1927 – December 16, 2021) was an American politician in the state of North Dakota. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives from 1985 to 2000, and the North Dakota Senate from 2001 to 2008.[1][2]
The Intel 430HX (codenamed Triton II) is a chipset from Intel, supporting Socket 7 processors, including the Pentium and Pentium MMX. It is also known as i430HX and it was released in February 1996. The official part number is 82430HX.
Rājiḥ ibn Qatādah ibn Idrīs al-Ḥasanī was Emir of Mecca under Rasulid suzerainty several times between 1232 and 1241, and briefly again in 1254. His mother belonged to the Banu Husayn of Medina.
Portland Exposé is a 1957 American film noir directed by Harold Schuster and starring Edward Binns and Carolyn Craig.[4] The plot follows a tavern owner in Portland, Oregon who is involved in a struggle for power between two gangs attempting to control the unions.[5] The film was inspired by crime boss Jim Elkins and the McClellan Committee's investigation into Portland's underground criminal ventures in the 1940s and 1950s, which were the subject of an extensive article published in Life magazine in March 1957.[6]
GigaCrete refers to a family of green building products based on proprietary non-silica, non-toxic, non-combustible, cementitious, mineral-based binders[1][2] combined with filler material. GigaCrete building materials do not contain silica-based sands or Portland cement.[1] GigaCrete products are manufactured by a privately held company, GigaCrete, Inc., whose factory headquarters are located in Las Vegas, Nevada.[3]
Solakrossen or Sola is the administrative center of Sola municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.  The village is located at the south end of the Hafrsfjorden on the Stavanger Peninsula, just northwest of the city of Sandnes.  The large Stavanger Airport, Sola is located on the west side of the village.  The village of Sørnes lies just to the north.  Sola Church lies on the far western edge of Solakrossen.  The population of Solakrossen is about 10,000, but the population is not separately tracked since it is part of the Stavanger/Sandnes urban area.[2] The newspaper Solabladet has been published in Solakrossen since 1991.[3]
Elbow Pond is a small lake northwest of Little Rapids in Herkimer County, New York. It drains southwest via an unnamed creek which flows into Witchhopple Lake.
The Mausoleum of Harun al-Rashid is a joint mausoleum of the Abbasid caliph Harun al-Rashid with Ali al-Ridha in the city of Mashhad in Iran.[1]
Drug-induced fever is a symptom of an adverse drug reaction wherein the administration of drugs intended to help a patient causes a hypermetabolic state resulting in fever. The drug may interfere with heat dissipation peripherally, increase the rate of metabolism, evoke a cellular or humoral immune response, mimic endogenous pyrogen, or damage tissues.

Alexander Colvin Ainslie (1833–1903)[1] was Archdeacon of Taunton  from 1896 until his death on 5 June 1903.[2]
Gjone is a small part of the district Kvelde, which is situated approximately 20 km north of Larvik, Norway.[1] It consists of six main farms. The three original farms, Nord Gjone,[2] Mellem Gjone[3] and Gjone Gård,[4] were further divided into other farms due to the old system of land partition, whereby every son inherited his own portion of the land.[5] Today, approximately forty people live in the Gjone area.
Frederic King (3 January 1853[1] – 20 May 1933) was a baritone best known for his performances in the works composed by Arthur Sullivan for the Leeds Festivals of 1880 and 1886.  Later, he taught singing for 42 years at the Royal College of Music.
Net metering in Arizona is a public policy and political issue regarding the rates that Arizona utility companies pay solar customers sell excess energy back to the electrical grid. The issue has two political sides: utility companies that to pay solar customers the "wholesale rate" for their excess electricity, and solar panel installers and solar customers who want utility companies to pay the "retail rate" (higher than the wholesale rate).
The Federal Service for State Registration, Cadastre and Cartography (Rosreestr) (Russian: Федеральная служба государственной регистрации, кадастра и картографии, «Росреестр») (prior to December 30, 2008, Federal Registration Service) is a federal agency in Russia, responsible for the organization of the Unified State Register of Rights on Real Estate and Transactions (Russian: Единый государственный реестр прав на недвижимое имущество и сделок с ним), as well as the spatial data infrastructure of the Russian Federation. It is Russia's official cadastre and cartography agency.[1]
Richard L. Jantz Stadium  (formerly "Sonner Stadium") is a sport stadium in Winfield, Kansas, United States.  The facility is primarily used by the Southwestern College Moundbuilders football and track & field teams.  The grass field is named "Art Kahler Field" from prominent Southwestern alum Art Kahler and the surrounding track is named "Monypenny Track" in honor of alum William Monypenny.[2]
Mabadin-e Sofla (Persian: مبادين سفلي, also Romanized as Mabādīn-e Soflá)[1] is a village in Arabkhaneh Rural District, Shusef District, Nehbandan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 38, in 12 families.[2]
Sinchang(Soonchunhyang Univ.) Station is a railway station on Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 1 and the Janghang Line in Asan, South Korea. It is the southern terminus for metro trains on Line 1.
Trench raiding was a feature of trench warfare which developed during World War I. It was the practice of making small scale night-time surprise attacks on enemy positions. 
Jana Island[1] (Arabic: جنه) is an island located in the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia.[2] It is located in the Persian Gulf, about 20 km northeast of the port and industrial city of Jubail. Despite the enormous damage to the coastal region of Saudi Arabia during the Second Gulf War, it served again in 1995 as a favorite nesting site for the green sea turtle.
David Joel Friedland (December 20, 1937 – April 21, 2022) was an American lawyer and Democratic Party politician from Hudson County, who served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1966 to 1974 and then was elected to the Senate, serving from 1978 until his conviction on racketeering charges in 1980.
Super Dave Osborne is a character created and played by comedian Bob Einstein. Einstein's comedic depiction was of a naïve but optimistic stuntman who was frequently comically injured when his stunts went spectacularly wrong.
The Way to the Top: The Best Business Advice I Ever Received is a business book compiled by Donald Trump.[1]

Dušan Veličković (1947 – 5 January 2023) was a Serbian writer, journalist and filmmaker.
Lake Lupche (Russian: Озеро Лупче) is a small lake on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia near Kandalaksha. It has an elevation of 23.1 m.[1] Lupche-Savino River flows from the lake.
Diengou is a village in the commune of Bassila in the Donga Department of western Benin.
Brantford City was a federal electoral district in Ontario, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1925 to 1949. This riding was created in 1924 from parts of Brantford riding.
Ashland station is an at-grade rapid transit station on the PATCO Speedline, operated by the Delaware River Port Authority. It is located in Voorhees Township, New Jersey near the intersection of Evesham and Burnt Mill Roads.
Envy is a trademarked brand of the Scilate apple variety. Scilate is the result of a cross between Royal Gala and Braeburn. It was developed in New Zealand by HortResearch,[1] submitted for a patent in 2008 and patented in 2009.[2]
Manitoba Pool Elevators was a grain trade company founded in 1924. It became a subsidiary of the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool until November 1932, when the Pool declared bankruptcy. In 1998 Alberta Wheat Pool and Manitoba Pool Elevators merged to form Agricore Cooperative Limited. In 2001, United Grain Growers combined its business operations with Agricore Cooperative Ltd. and carried on business as Agricore United, a publicly traded company, no longer a farmer-owned cooperative. In 2007, Agricore United was taken over by the Saskatchewan Wheat Pool, another publicly traded company. The merged corporation was renamed Viterra.
[1]
Joseph Weigl (28 March 1766 – 3 February 1846) was an Austrian composer and conductor, born in Eisenstadt, Hungary, Austrian Empire.
Francesco Antonio Canaveri (1753-1836) was an Italian Physician and Professor of Anatomy. He was a tenacious opponent of the doctrines of Cullen and Brown, who espoused the so-called Brunonian theory of medicine, which regarded disorders as caused by either defective or excessive excitation.[1]
Edward Bostwic Allen Jr. (May 5, 1918 – March 1, 2012) was an American football fullback who played one season in the National Football League (NFL) with the Chicago Bears and one season in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC) for the Brooklyn Dodgers.[1]  Allen played college football at the University of Pennsylvania, and was head football coach at Drexel University
Gabriel Héctor Ascencio Mansilla (born 8 July 1953) is a Chilean politician and lawyer who served as deputy of his country.[1][2][3][4][5]
SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1 is a video game compilation created and published by SNK which includes sixteen Neo Geo games. The compilation was released on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and the Wii.[1] In Australia, it was only released on the PlayStation 2.
Freetown & Lakeville Public Schools, formally the Freetown-Lakeville Regional School District is a school district serving the towns of Freetown and Lakeville in Massachusetts, United States.
Gerrit "Gert" Bals (18 October 1936 – 20 May 2016) was a Dutch footballer who played as a goalkeeper.
The following is a list of Teen Choice Award winners and nominees for Choice TV - Action. This award was first introduced (along with Choice TV Actor - Action and Choice TV Actress - Action) in 2008.
Nostalgia is a novel by the Romanian writer Mircea Cărtărescu. 
Resurrection (Korean: 부활; RR: Bu-hwal; also known as Rebirth and Revenge) is a 2005 South Korean television series starring Uhm Tae-woong, Han Ji-min, So Yi-hyun, Go Joo-won, Kang Shin-il, Kim Kap-soo, Kim Kyu-chul, Gi Ju-bong, and Lee Jung-gil. The series is about a man who pretends to be his identical twin brother in order to unearth the conspiracy surrounding his father's death and wreak revenge on his murderers.[1][2] It aired on KBS2 from June 1 to August 18, 2005 on Wednesdays and Thursdays at 21:50 for 24 episodes.
The Malaysia Futsal Cup  (abbreviated as MFC) is an annual futsal club competition in Malaysia organised by the Football Association of Malaysia (FAM). Teams qualify for the competition based on their performance in Malaysia Premier Futsal League (MPFL).
Sold Out is an album by American folk music group the Kingston Trio, released in 1960 (see 1960 in music). It was their third LP to reach #1, stayed there for twelve weeks, and received an RIAA gold certification the same year. "El Matador" b/w "Home From the Hill" was its lead-off single, though it just made the Top 40.[1] Sold Out remained in the Top 40 for 54 weeks, longer than any other Trio album.[2]
The Mudeirej Bridge or Mdairej Bridge is a bridge in Lebanon. It was completed in 1998 as the tallest and highest bridge in Lebanon and the Middle East but this has since been surpassed. The bridge was built as part of Rafik Hariri's vision of rebuilding and developing Lebanon and its infrastructure. The bridge served as a connecting route for the Beirut-Damascus Highway aiming to improve the main road that links Syria's capital city Damascus, to Lebanon and its capital city Beirut.[1]
Sahzab (Persian: سهزاب, also Romanized as Sahzāb)[1] is a village in Aghmiyun Rural District, in the Central District of Sarab County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 683, in 201 families.[2]
To see beautiful photos of Sahzab village Page @my_sahzab in Instagram.[1]
Sheila Ann Echols (born October 2, 1964) is a retired track and field athlete from the United States who competed in the 100 metres and the long jump. She won a gold medal at the 1988 Olympic Games in the 4 x 100 m relay. She also won the 1989 IAAF World Cup 100 m title.

The 1999 Men's South American Volleyball Championship was the 23rd edition of the event, organised by South America's governing volleyball body, the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV). The final round was hosted in Córdoba, Argentina from September 7 to September 11, 1999. Brazil and hosts Argentina were automatically qualified, Venezuela and Uruguay each won their preliminary round.
The Well-Tempered Critic: One man's view of the theatre and letters in Canada is a collection of essays by Canadian novelist and journalist Robertson Davies. The collection was edited by Judith Skelton Grant and published by McClelland and Stewart in 1981.
Turkey (listed as TUR) participated in the 6th AIBA Women’s World Boxing Championship held between September 9–18, 2010 at Garfield Sobers Gymnasium in Bridgetown, Barbados.[1]
Hampar Kelikian (Armenian: Համբար Քելիքեան; January 17, 1899 – July 24, 1983) was an Armenian American orthopedic surgeon.[1][2] A pioneer in the restoration of damaged limbs,[3] he was instrumental in treating U.S. Senator Bob Dole. When Dole returned from World War II with injuries that left his right arm frozen and about to be amputated, Kelikian fixed the shattered shoulder and allowed Dole to regain some use of his arm.[citation needed]
Shuysky Uyezd (Шуйский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Vladimir Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the northern part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Shuya.
The MG 13 (shortened from German Maschinengewehr 13) is a German light machine gun developed by converting the Dreyse Model 1918 heavy water-cooled machine gun into an air-cooled version.[1]

Frank Jude Jr., a.k.a. Frankie Lee Jude Jr., (born August 14, 1978) is a Wisconsin man who was severely beaten by off-duty Milwaukee police officers in the early-morning hours of October 24, 2004. Following a state trial that ended with the jury acquitting the three police officers charged, a federal investigation led to plea agreements with three police officers and the indictment of five police officers, including the three who were acquitted in state court. Before trial, one of these five pleaded guilty. The federal jury acquitted one of the remaining police officers and the three police officers who were acquitted in state court were convicted in federal court.
The 1967–68 SM-sarja season was the 37th season of the SM-sarja, the top level of ice hockey in Finland. 11 teams participated in the league, and Koo-Vee won the championship.
Hamilton v. Alabama, 376 U.S. 650 (1964), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the court held that an African-American woman, Mary Hamilton, was entitled to the same courteous forms of address customarily reserved solely for whites in the Southern United States,[1] and that calling a black person by their first name in a formal context was "a form of racial discrimination".[2]
Richard Veermaa (born Richard Vreeman; 26 May 1901 Lasva Parish, Võru County – 19 February 1942 Ussolye prison camp, Perm Oblast, Russia) was an Estonian police chief and politician. He was a member of III, IV and V Riigikogu.[1]
Viscachani (possibly from Aymara wisk'acha viscacha, -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with the viscacha (or viscachas)") is a 5,065-metre-high (16,617 ft) mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Cusco Region, Quispicanchi Province, Marcapata District, and in the Puno Region, Carabaya Province, Corani District. Viscachani lies southwest of Taruca Sayana and southeast of Jori Pintay, Tocllayoc and Huarisayana.[1][2]
Dale G. Larson, Ph.D., is a professor of Counseling Psychology at Santa Clara University, where he directs graduate studies in health psychology.[1] He is best known for his contributions to the end-of-life field and for his research on self-concealment.
Costilla is a census-designated place in Taos County, New Mexico, United States. Its population was 205 as of the 2010 census.[4] Costilla has a post office with ZIP code 87524.[5][6] State roads 196 and 522 intersect in the community.
Atte-Oudeyi is an African surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Lauenau is a small town in Lower Saxony, Germany, with about 4,200 inhabitants. It is situated in the east of the district of Schaumburg just off the A2 Autobahn at the foot of the Deister ridge in the Deister-Süntel valley. As well as Lauenau itself, the parish includes the village of Feggendorf, a former coal mining community on the slopes of the Deister which now has a mining museum.
Rodopsko (Bulgarian: Родопско) is a village in Ardino Municipality, Kardzhali Province, southern-central Bulgaria.  It is located 192.316 kilometres (119.500 mi) southeast of Sofia.[1] It covers an area of 3.014 square kilometres and as of 2007 it had a population of 37 people.[1]
Robert Meyn (16 January 1896 – 2 March 1972) was a German stage, film and television actor.[1]
Basfar (Persian: باسفر, also Romanized as Bāsfar, Ba Safar, and Bāsfor; also known as Bāsfowr Naşrābād)[1] is a village in Astaneh Rural District, in the Central District of Roshtkhar County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 3,553, in 872 families.[2]
USU Credit Union is a division of Goldenwest Credit Union, a federally chartered credit union based in Ogden, Utah, regulated under the authority of the NCUA. As of January 1, 2014, Goldenwest and USU Credit Union serve more than 106,000 members, hold over $1 billion in assets, and operate 26 branches in Utah from Smithfield to St George.

Arthur Hardy (15 April 1870 – 1951) was a London born British actor, whose appearances include Atlantic (1929) and Dreyfus (1931).[1][2]
Melvin M. Hirsch (July 31, 1921 – December 1968) was an American professional basketball player.[1][2] He played for the Boston Celtics of the Basketball Association of America (BAA), which would later become the National Basketball Association (NBA), for 13 games in the 1946–47 season. At 5 feet 6 inches tall, he was the shortest player in NBA history until Muggsy Bogues more than 40 years later. He is the third shortest NBA player of all time, after Bogues and Earl Boykins.
Nathaniel Cole Park Pond is a man-made lake located by West Colesville, New York. Fish species present in the lake include pumpkinseed sunfish, and smallmouth bass.[2]
Saša "Caki" Stojanović (Serbian Cyrillic: Caша Cтojaновић; born 21 January 1983) is Serbian football coach and a former player. He is an assistant coach with Radnički Niš.[1]
Veli Kavlak (born 3 November 1988) is an Austrian former footballer who played as a midfielder. Born in Vienna, Kavlak has represented Austria at international level.
Trolla is a village in the municipality of Trondheim in Trøndelag county, Norway.  It is located in the Midtbyen borough, along the Trondheimsfjord on the north coast of the Bymarka area.  It is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village of Langørjan and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the Ila neighborhood in the city of Trondheim.  
Guadalupe Island (Spanish: Isla Guadalupe) is a volcanic island located 241 kilometres (130 nautical miles) off the western coast of Mexico's Baja California Peninsula and about 400 km (200 nmi) southwest of the city of Ensenada in the state of Baja California, in the Pacific Ocean.[1] The various volcanoes are extinct or dormant. In 2005 Guadalupe Island and its surrounding waters and islets were declared a biosphere reserve to restore its vegetation (decimated by feral goats) and to protect its population of marine mammals and birds. The island is a popular destination for great white shark cage diving. Guadalupe Island is inhabited only by scientists, military personnel operating a weather station, and a small group of seasonal fishermen. The island is mostly arid and has very little surface water.
Mary M. Cohen (pen name, Coralie; February 26, 1854 – July 2, 1911) was an American social economist, journalist, belletrist, educator, communal worker, and proto-feminist of the long nineteenth century.[1] She was also an artist, wood-carver, stenographer, typewriter, and a successful teacher.[2]
Renate Kretschmar-Fischer (1 June 1925 – 4 September 2016[1]) was a German pianist and piano professor at the Hochschule für Musik Detmold.[2]
Adi Lukovac (9 September 1970 – June 18 2006) was a Bosnian musician, best known as the pioneer of electronic music in Bosnia and Herzegovina and leader of the Bosnian industrial band Adi Lukovac & The Ornaments.
One Hundred and Two H-Bombs is a collection of science fiction stories by American writer Thomas M. Disch.  It was first published by Compact Books in 1967.  The stories originally appeared in the magazines Fantastic, Worlds of Tomorrow, Amazing Stories, If, New Worlds, Alfred Hitchcock's Mystery Magazine and Bizarre! Mystery Magazine.

Peter Scott Rushforth (15 February 1945 – 25 September 2005) was an English teacher and novelist. He published only two novels in his lifetime; although they were separated by a quarter of a century, both were released to considerable critical acclaim. He died while on his weekly ramble with his friends, from his home in the village of Castleton on the North York Moors.
The Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Foreign Language Film is an annual award given by the Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association.

Mylab Discovery Solutions Pvt Ltd is an Indian biotechnology company that produces molecular ashish detection kits in the field of medical diagnostics, drug discovery, biomedical research and agricultural genomics.[1][2][3] It was founded in 2016 and is based in Pune. They were the first company in the country to make ID-NAT screening kits for quantitative HIV, Hepatitis B vaccine and Hepatitis C vaccines.[4] The company by choice does not have any external investor and does not avail of government subsidies.[4]
Leo "the Lion" Cantor (February 28, 1919 – June 4, 1995) was a Jewish American football player.[1] He was the 1937 Los Angeles All-City quarterback recipient, played college football for the USC Trojans and the UCLA Bruins, and played in the National Football League for the New York Giants in 1942 and for the Chicago Cardinals in 1945.
The Dealu Mare wine region is located within the Muntenia area of Romania.[1][2] It is located around the municipality of Valea Călugărească[3] in Prahova County, best known for its red wines,[4] and the municipality of Pietroasele[5] in Buzău County, best known for white wines.[6] Typically identified as one of the most important wine regions in Romania,[7] it encompasses about 400 square kilometres under the Southern Carpathians.
Kozjaty [kɔzˈjatɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) south of Topólka, 26 km (16 mi) south-east of Radziejów, and 67 km (42 mi) south of Toruń.
Daniel Nwosu Jr. (born March 22, 1994), professionally known by his stage name Dax (often stylized as DAX), is a Canadian rapper, singer, and songwriter.[3][4]
The NHK Spring Mitsuzawa Football Stadium (ニッパツ三ツ沢球技場, Nippatsu Mitsuzawa Kyūgijō) is an association football stadium in Kanagawa-ku, Yokohama, Japan. It serves as a home ground of Yokohama FC and, on occasion, Yokohama F. Marinos. Until 1999 it had been the home of Yokohama FC's spiritual predecessor, Yokohama Flügels, and also, on occasion, to Kawasaki-based NKK FC. The stadium holds 15,454 people.
Vernouillet (French pronunciation: ​[vɛʁnujɛ]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
The Atlanta Speech School is a language and literacy school located in Atlanta, Georgia, established in 1938. The school provides educational and clinical programs. The Atlanta Speech School's Rollins Center provides professional development for teachers and educators in partner schools and preschools. The Rollins Center focuses on the eradication of illiteracy. The Rollins Center has an online presence called Cox Campus, which is an online learning environment with coursework targeted for the education of children age 0–8.
Long Road to Heaven is a 2007 Indonesian feature film about the 2002 Bali bombings, by Kalyana Shira Films. The film was directed by Enison Sinaro and written by Wong Wai Leng and Andy Logam-Tan. It tells the story during three different times: the planning a few months before the bombing, its execution in 2002, and the trials in 2003. The story is not chronologically linear. It starts with the explosion and then moves from time to time until all three plots culminate one after the other. At the beginning of each scene, subtitles give the date and location of the scene.
Gotan Object is a box set by electro/nuevo tango-band Gotan Project. This box set is in essence an expanded version of the double live album Gotan Project Live released simultaneously. The box set consists of:
- Double CD Gotan Project Live (La Revancha del Tango Tour/Lunático Tour)
- Unreleased 7" vinyl (featuring the 2 bonus tracks from the double live album)
- DVD Visiones (projections used during the tours)
- 152-page photo book titled Carnet de Viajes
- Puzzle poster 

John Victor Nicholas is an Australian judge. He has been a judge of the Federal Court of Australia since November 2009. Prior to his appointment, Nicholas practised as a senior counsel in Sydney, principally in commercial law.
Randvér or Randver was a legendary Danish king. In Nordic legends,  according to Sögubrot and the Lay of Hyndla, he was the son of Ráðbarðr the king of Garðaríki and Auðr the Deep-Minded, the daughter of the Danish-Swedish ruler Ivar Vidfamne. In these two sources, Auðr had Randver's brother, Harald Wartooth, in a previous marriage.[1]
The 2007 King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council election took place on 1 May 2007 to elect members of King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council in England.[1] This was on the same day as other local elections.
The Pays de France (French pronunciation: ​[pe.i də fʁɑ̃s], literally Land of France), also called the Parisis ([paʁizi]) or Plaine de France ([plɛn də fʁɑ̃s]), is a natural region located in the Île-de-France administrative region to the north of Paris, France. It is essentially a silt plain devoted to cereal crops, of which the southern part is included in the northern suburbs of Paris and greatly urbanised, and also includes Charles de Gaulle Airport.
Lilburne is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Wängi railway station (German: Bahnhof Wängi) is a railway station in the municipality of Wängi, in the Swiss canton of Thurgau. It is located on the 1,000 mm (3 ft 3+3⁄8 in) Frauenfeld–Wil line of Appenzell Railways.[1]
Potassium manganate is the inorganic compound with the formula K2MnO4. This green-colored salt is an intermediate in the industrial synthesis of potassium permanganate (KMnO4), a common chemical.[1] Occasionally, potassium manganate and potassium permanganate are confused, but these compounds's properties are distinct.
SOLEX is a free computer application that calculates and displays the positions and dynamics of bodies that are part of the Solar System. It was developed by Aldo Vitagliano, a professor of inorganic chemistry at the Federico II University of Naples.
Statistics of Emperor's Cup in the 1959 season.
Danel (/ˈdeɪnəl/), father of Aqhat, was a culture hero who appears in an incomplete Ugaritic text of the fourteenth century BCE[1] at Ugarit (now Ras Shamra), Syria, where the name is rendered DN'IL, "El is judge".[2]
Domingo Marcos Durán (c. 1465 – 1529), was a Spanish music theorist and choirmaster. He was probably born in Garrovillas de Alconétar and died in Santiago de Compostela.[1] His 1492 Lux Bella ("Beautiful Light") was the first treatise on music theory to be published in Castilian.
The Aithra Tunnel (Greek: Σήραγγα Αίθρα) is a tunnel on the Athens-Corinth section of the Olympia Odos motorway. Works began in 1999 as part of the construction of the Kakia Skala pass, one of the most dangerous road parts in Greece, with motorway standards. It was one of the first tunnels of the motorway and it is currently the second longest tunnel of it. It was opened to traffic in July 2004, along with the rest of the motorway segment, in time for the Athens Olympics.
The Piano Concerto No. 2 was written by Philip Glass in 2004. It is also called the Piano Concerto No. 2: After Lewis and Clark, due to its musical representation of the  American pioneers. It was composed for the Nebraska Lewis and Clark Bicentennial Commission, the Lied Center for Performing Arts, and the University of Nebraska-Lincoln Hixson–Lied College of Fine and Performing Arts.[1] It is included as one of the concerti in Glass' Concerto Project, a four-volume collection of commissioned works. The work itself deals with the journey of Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, interpreting the stages of their expedition progressively in each movement.
Neville Gomez Hodge (born 8 December 1955) is a former United States Virgin Islands sprinter who competed in the men's 100m competition at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He recorded a 10.71, not enough to qualify for the next round past the heats. His personal best is 10.32, set in 1993. He also ran that Olympiad for the USVI 4x100m team, which recorded a 40.48, good for 5th place. Previously, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, he ran a 10.73 in the 100m contest. In the 1984 Summer Olympics, he ran 21.12 in the 200m, enough to qualify for the next round, where he did not start (DNS). He also ran in the 100m contest in 1984, scoring a 10.58, enough to qualify for round 2, where a 10.69 was not enough to advance further.[1] He won a bronze medal in the 4 x 100 metres relay at the 1991 Pan American Games.
Park Sang-ki (Korean: 박상기, born 1952[1]) is South Korean educator, jurist, prosecutor and politician who served as the Minister of Justice under Moon Jae-in Cabinet from May 2017 to September 2019.
Warminster Ladies Football Club was a prominent football team based in Wiltshire, in England.
A phlebolith is a small local, usually rounded, calcification within a vein. These are very common in the veins of the lower part of the pelvis, and they are generally of no clinical importance. When located in the pelvis they are sometimes difficult to differentiate from kidney stones in the ureters on X-ray.[1]
Carì (formerly known as Maiensäss) is a village in the Swiss Alps, located in the canton of Ticino. The village is situated in the northern part of the canton, in the Leventina valley, above Faido. It belongs to the latter municipality.
The Worlds of H. Beam Piper is a collection of short stories written by H. Beam Piper, and edited by John F. Carr. The book was published in 1983 by Ace Books.  None of these stories take place in either Piper’s Terro-Human Future History series nor in his Paratime series, except for "Genesis" which fits in with both series.
The Blackwell Epiphany is a 2014 graphic adventure game developed and published by Wadjet Eye Games. It is the fifth and final game in the Blackwell series.
The 1999 ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships were held in La Seu d'Urgell, Spain under the auspices of International Canoe Federation at the Segre Olympic Park. It was the 26th edition. A record eleven nations won medals at these championships.
Neochori (Greek: Νεοχώρι) is a village in the Grevena municipality.[1] Before the 2011 local government reform, it was a part of the municipality of Ventzio.[2] The 2011 census recorded 116 residents in the village.[1] Neochori is a part of the community of Sarakina.[1]
The 2016–17 George Mason Patriots women's basketball team represents George Mason University during the 2016–17 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Patriots, led by third year head coach Nyla Milleson, played their home games at EagleBank Arena and were members of the Atlantic 10 Conference. They finished the season 13–17, 6–10 in A-10 play to finish in tenth place. They lost in the first round of the A-10 women's tournament to Duquesne.
The County of Forcalquier was a large medieval county in the region of Provence in the Kingdom of Arles, then part of the Holy Roman Empire. It was named after the fortress around which it grew, Forcalquier.
Ernst Sørensen (19 August 1903 – 24 January 1972) was a Norwegian schoolteacher, essayist, journalist, magazine editor and language activist.
Choi Jun (Korean: 최준; born 17 April 1999) is a South Korean footballer currently playing as a full-back for Busan IPark.[1]
Gyang is a Nigerian name that may refer to
Life's Little Ironies is a collection of tales written by Thomas Hardy,  originally published in 1894,[1][2] and republished with a slightly different collection of stories, for the Uniform Edition in 1927/8.
Hernando de Miranda (1550–1593) was a Spanish conquistador and explorer who was governor of Spanish Florida from 1575–1577. He took office after the death of the first governor of the province, Pedro Menéndez de Avilés. He was the brother-in-law of the subsequent governor, Pedro Menéndez de Márquez,[1] and the brother of Gutierre de Miranda, who would also become governor.[2]
The West Branch Lackawanna River (also known as Ball Creek) is a tributary of the Lackawanna River in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 9.5 miles (15.3 km) long and flows through Ararat Township, Herrick Township, and Union Dale.[1] The watershed of the river has an area of 16.8 square miles (44 km2). The river is not designated as an impaired stream and it has a high level of water quality. Lakes and wetlands in the river's watershed include Ball Lake, Fiddle Lake, Hathaway Lake, Lake Romobe, Lewis Lake, Lowe Lake, and Sink Hole Swamp. The river is also dammed by at least two dams: the Romobe Lake Dam and the Hathaway Pond Dam.
Candi Carter (born February 19, 1969) is an American broadcast executive and television talk show producer. She won two Daytime Emmy Awards, one in 1994 for Outstanding Children's Programming Special on WISN-TV, and another in 2020 for Outstanding Informative Talk Show for The View.
Inés García de Durán (1928-2011) was a Colombian folklorist linked specially to the traditions of her native land, the Huila Department. She founded the Departmental Dance School and taught in the Departmental Music Conservatory.[1] She is notable for having created the choreography for El Sanjuanero,[2][3] Huila's most famous dance and one of Colombia's best known tunes. Neiva's International Dance Encounter Inés García Durán was named in her honour. She is the daughter of prominent engineer and politician Joaquín García Borrero.
Mierzwice-Kolonia [mjɛʐˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sarnaki, within Łosice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]
Miriam Aracelis Cruz Ramírez, better known as Miriam Cruz, is a Dominican merengue musician and actress. She is best known for being the lead vocalist of the successful female merengue group, Las Chicas del Can.[1] In 1992, the group reinvented itself under the name Míriam Cruz y Las Chicas.[2]
Dorothy Marcic is an American educator, playwright, and author.[1][2]
The 2022 General Tire 125 was the third stock car race of the 2022 ARCA Menards Series East season, and the 22nd iteration of the event. The race was held on Friday, April 29, 2022, in Dover, Delaware at Dover Motor Speedway, a 1 mile (1.6 km) permanent oval-shaped racetrack. The race was contested over 125 laps. At race's end, Taylor Gray of David Gilliland Racing would win, after starting from the pole and leading the most laps.[1] This was Gray's first career east series win, and his first of the season. To fill out the podium, Jesse Love and Conner Jones of Venturini Motorsports would finish 2nd and 3rd, respectively. 
Wake County Speedway "America's Favorite Bullring" is a quarter-mile NASCAR Sanctioned asphalt race track located in Raleigh, NC. The track holds stock car races on alternating Friday nights from April to September. It has six main classes of cars which include Late Model Stocks, Chargers, Legends, Mini Stocks, Mod 4s, Bandoleros, and bombers. The track also has special appearances from USAC, East Coast Flathead Fords, Southern Ground Pounders, the Southeast Super Truck Series, and the CARS Tour.
Na Noi (Thai: นาน้อย, pronounced [nāː nɔ́ːj]) is a district (amphoe) in Nan province, northern Thailand.

Phyllis Chase, married name Phyllis Samuel (c.1897 – c.1977), was an English illustrator.
The Community Baptist Church and Parsonage are a historic church property at 2 and 10 Mountain Road in the center of Montgomery, Vermont.  The church, built in 1866, is a prominently placed example of Greek Revival architecture, while the adjacent parsonage house is a well-preserved example of the Colonial Revival.  The church was for many years a center of social activities in the town, prior to its closure in 2011.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2015.[1]
Arthur Gourounlian (Armenian: Արթուր Գուրունլեան, romanized: Art’ur Gurunlean; born 1 June 1980) is an Armenian-born professional dancer and television personality, featuring as the Armenian judge on the James Corden hosted reality series, The World's Best.
Ulmus 'Amsterdam' is a Dutch cultivar raised at the Huis Groeneveld in Baarn before 1950, possibly from an open pollination of the early Dutch cultivar 'Bea Schwarz', and introduced by Albert Hoekstra, former director of Amsterdam's horticulture department.[1]
This article displays the qualifying draw for women's singles at the 1994 Australian Open.
The Laranjeiras River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
Amponsah is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Days of Light (Spanish: Días de luz) is a 2019 internationally co-produced anthology thriller drama film directed by six directors: Gloria Carrión Fonseca, Julio López Fernández, Enrique Medrano, Mauro Borges Mora, Enrique Pérez Him and Sergio Ramírez.[1] It was selected as the Honduran entry for the Best International Feature Film at the 93rd Academy Awards, but it was not nominated.[2]
Paul Ambros (22 June 1934 – 26 June 2015) was a German ice hockey player. He was part of the United Team of Germany, which represented the country at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics.[1]
Proto-Totonacan or Proto-Totonac-Tepehua (abbreviated PTn or PTT) is the hypothetical common ancestor of the Totonacan languages of Mexico. It was first reconstructed using comparative methods in 1953 by Evangelina Arana Osnaya.[1] Some linguists[a] have proposed a link between the Totonacan and Mixe–Zoque language families; therefore making Proto-Totonacan a sister language of Proto-Mixe–Zoque and descendant of Proto-Totozoquean.[2]
Gill is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. Due to its proximity to the edge of the Moon as seen from the Earth, this crater is viewed nearly from the side and it can become hidden from sight due to libration. The crater lies to the southwest of the irregular Mare Australe, and southeast of the prominent crater Pontécoulant. To the southwest of Gill is the crater Helmholtz.

The Argelers concentration camp was an internment camp established in early February 1939[1] on the territory of the French commune of Argelès-sur-Mer for Spanish Republican refugees. Some of the refugees were retreating members of the Spanish Republican Army (Ejército Popular Republicano) in the Northeast of Spain in the last months of the Spanish Civil War.
T. J. Jarrett is an American writer and software developer in Nashville, Tennessee.[1]
The Beijing Liao and Jin Dynasty City Wall Museum (Chinese: 北京辽金城垣博物馆) is a museum built over the ruins of Beijing's Liao and Jin dynasty (1115–1234) city wall. The museum is located at No.41 Yulinli, Yulin South Road, in Fengtai District of southwestern Beijing, near the north bank of the Liangshui River.[1]
Prof.Dr.Jakup Halil Mato (16 September 1934 in Fterra, Albania – 30 August 2005 in Tirana, Albania) was an Albanian publicist and educational administrator.
He started publishing his articles and research studies in the field of literature and arts since the beginning of the 1960s. In the 1990s he served as head of Centre of Art Studies of the Academy of Sciences of Albania.
Gramzda Parish (Latvian: Gramzdas pagasts) is an administrative unit of South Kurzeme Municipality in the Courland region of Latvia. The parish has a population of 732 (as of 1/07/2013) and covers an area of 84.69 km2.
Eskew is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Sir Anthony Hilgrove Hammond, KCB (27 July 1940 – 24 June 2020) was a British lawyer and public servant.[1]
Ronald F. Youngblood (August 10, 1931 – July 5, 2014) was an American biblical scholar and professor of Old Testament. In addition to being one of the original translators of the New International Version of the Bible,[1] he was the general editor for Nelson's New Illustrated Bible Dictionary,[2] and on the editorial team for the Zondervan NASB Study Bible,[3] both of which earned the ECPA Christian Book Award for their respective publication years.
The Abierto Mexicano de Raquetas is a squash tournament held in Toluca, Mexico. It is part of the PSA World Tour and the WSA World Tour. The event was established in 2012
Zanni is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Disarmonia Mundi is a melodic death metal band from Avigliana, Italy, that started out as a progressive death metal band. The project is the brainchild of the producer and multi-instrumentalist Ettore Rigotti and is mainly known for featuring Soilwork's vocalist Björn "Speed" Strid as guest vocalist on several albums. After releasing two albums under Scarlet Records, they have signed to Italy-based Coroner Records.
The 2013 Point Optical Curling Classic was held from September 27 to 30 at the Nutana Curling Club in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan as part of the 2013–14 World Curling Tour. The event was held in a triple knockout format, and the purse for the event was CAD$50,000, of which the winner, Jeff Stoughton, received CAD$12,000.[1] Stoughton defeated Kevin Martin's team in the final with a score of 6–2. Martin's team was skipped by third Nedohin after Martin went out with a back injury, while Jeff Sharp subbed in as lead.[2]

Albert Young (楊岡 Yang Gang, pen name 青峰Qing Feng; * July 30, 1962, in Taiwan) is an international writer and poet who resides in Switzerland.
The "Three Musketeers" was the nickname given to three liberal members during the 1932–37 terms of the United States Supreme Court, who generally supported the New Deal agenda of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. They were Justices Louis Brandeis, Benjamin N. Cardozo, and Harlan Fiske Stone.[1] They were opposed by the Four Horsemen, consisting of Justices James Clark McReynolds, George Sutherland, Willis Van Devanter, and Pierce Butler. Chief Justice Charles Evans Hughes and Justice Owen J. Roberts controlled the balance. Charles Evans Hughes often voted with the liberal wing while Owen J. Roberts voted with the conservatives. With the help of Roberts, the Four Horsemen maintained a majority in most of the decisions and struck down many New Deal laws as unconstitutional.[2]  Although the "Three Musketeers" were a bipartisan group, with Stone being a Republican, they were drawn together by their shared views on New Deal policies.[3]
De Jonge v. Oregon, 299 U.S. 353 (1937), was a case in which the Supreme Court of the United States held that the Fourteenth Amendment's due process clause applies freedom of assembly against the states.[1] The Court found that Dirk De Jonge had the right to speak at a peaceful public meeting held by the Communist Party, even though the party generally advocated an industrial or political change in revolution. However, in the 1950s with the fear of communism on the rise, the Court ruled in Dennis v. United States (1951) that Eugene Dennis, who was the leader of the Communist Party, violated the Smith Act by advocating the forcible overthrow of the United States government.[2]
The 2002 Algerian Cup Final was the 38th final of the Algerian Cup. The final took place on July 5, 2002, at May 19, 1956 Stadium in Annaba with kick-off at 16:00. WA Tlemcen beat MC Oran 1–0 to win their second Algerian Cup. The competition winners were awarded a berth in the 2003 African Cup Winners' Cup.[1]
Lucas Mondelo García (born 28 July 1967) is a Spanish basketball coach for Toyota Antelopes and the Spain women's national team.[1]
The J.H. McWilliams House is a historic house at 323 West Oak Street in El Dorado, Arkansas.  This two story brick house was built in 1925–26, during the city's oil boom years.  It is the last surviving house out of a row of "oil boom" mansions which originally lined Oak Street.  The house is built out of buff brick, and has Mediterranean styling.  It was in the McWilliams family until the early 1970s, and then saw a variety of commercial uses, declining in condition.  In the early 2000s it was restored.[2]
Kamern is a municipality in the district of Stendal, in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. In January 2010 it absorbed the former municipalities Schönfeld and Wulkau.[3]
Laikas (/ˈlaɪkə/ LY-kə; Russian: Ла́йка, IPA: [ˈlajkə]) are aboriginal spitz from Northern Russia, especially Siberia but also sometimes expanded to include Nordic hunting breeds. Laika breeds are primitive dogs who flourish with minimal care even in hostile weather. Generally, laika breeds are expected to be versatile hunting dogs, capable of hunting game of a variety of sizes by treeing small game, pointing and baying larger game and working as teams to corner bear and boar.  However a few laikas have specialized as herding or sled dogs.[1][2]
The Saint-Herbot Parish close is a religious complex outside the village Plonévez-du-Faou, Finistère, Brittany in north-western France. It is located on the road between Huelgoat and Loqueffret. The parish close (French: enclos paroissial) contains the chapel of Saint-Herbot,[1] the calvary[2] and a small ossuary.[3][4][5]

Bharmour, also known as Machu Pichu of Himachal, formally known as Brahmpura, was the ancient capital of Chamba district in Himachal Pradesh, India.  Situated at an altitude of 2,100 metres in the Budhil valley, forty miles to the south-east of Chamba, Bharmour is known for its scenic beauty and for its ancient temples. Some of the temples are believed to date from 10th century.
Invest in Canada  is an arms-length Government of Canada organization that promotes and attracts foreign direct investment into Canada. It was created through the Investment Canada Act and launched on March 12, 2018[1] as a departmental corporation.
Kåfjorden (Norwegian) or Njoammelgohppi (Northern Sami) is a fjord in Alta Municipality in Troms og Finnmark county, Norway. The 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) long fjord branches off the main Altafjorden. The village of Kåfjord and the Kåfjord Church both lie along the northern coast of the fjord. The European route E06 highway follows the northern shoreline of the fjord. A bridge over Kåfjorden was built in 2013 to shorten the E6 highway route around the fjord.[1][2]
The 2006–07 Penn Quakers men's basketball team represented the University of Pennsylvania during the 2006–07 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Quakers, led by first-year head coach Glen Miller, played their home games at The Palestra as members of the Ivy League. They finished the season 22–9, 13–1 in Ivy League play to win the regular season championship. They received the Ivy League's automatic bid to the NCAA tournament where they lost in the First Round to No. 3 seed Texas A&M.[1]
Anti-Communist forces:
Harrison
Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 26 October 1902. The Free Democratic Party retained its majority in the National Council.[1]
Hoseynabad-e Sargorij (Persian: حسين ابادسرگريج, also Romanized as Ḩoseynābād-e Sargorīj; also known as Ḩoseynābād)[1] is a village in Mehruiyeh Rural District, in the Central District of Faryab County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 168, in 43 families.[2]
Serbia competed at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2009, held in Kyiv, Ukraine. RTS held a national final to select the fourth Serbian entry for the contest in September 2009.
The winner of pre-selection and Serbian representative in Kyiv was the group Ništa Lično with pop-rock song "Onaj pravi". The group members are Anica Cvetković, the leading vocal, Aleksandar Graić, composer and pianist, who is a son of composer of "Molitva", winning song of Eurovision Song Contest 2007, Una Krlić and Karolina Lodi, as the guitarists and Petar Cvetković, Anica's brother, with drums.
The Royal Swedish Air Force Materiel Administration[1] (Swedish: Kungliga Flygförvaltningen, abbreviated KFF) was a Swedish government agency active between the years 1936 and 1968. The agency was amalgamated into the Swedish Defence Materiel Administration.
A Rainy Day is an Indian Marathi language film directed by Rajendra Talak[1] and produced by Priyanka Bidaye Talak. The film stars Mrinal Kulkarni, Subodh Bhave and Ajinkya Deo. Music by Ashok Patki.[2] The film was released on 31 January 2014.[3]
Frederick James Woodbridge, AIA, (May 18, 1900 – January 17, 1974), was an American architect.[1] His projects were based in New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut. He was partners in the firms Evans, Moore & Woodbridge, Malmfeldt, Adams & Woodbridge, and Adams & Woodbridge (1945–1974), as well as being a sometime archeologist.[2]
Shandite is a sulfide mineral with chemical formula: Ni3Pb2S2.  It was discovered in 1948 by the German mineralogist Paul Raumdohr who named it named after Scottish petrologist, Samuel James Shand (1882–1957).  Ramdohr characterized shandite by its metallic luster and a brass-yellow color.  It has a specific gravity of 8.92, and a Mohs hardness value of 4.  Shandite is commonly found as an inclusion in other minerals such as Heazelwoodite Ni3S2 or serpentine.  
The Dulaji class are a class of environmental research ships (AGER) currently in service with the People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN),[1][2][3][4] and the design is also modified for cable layer (YRC) in PLAN service,[1][2][3][4] with both versions have received the same NATO reporting name Dulaji class because they share the same hull.[1][2][3][4] The exact type of this class remain unknown as of 2022, because no official information has been released, despite the ships have already been in service for more than a decade.[5] In addition to the usual task of conducting regular environmental sampling, monitoring/surveillance and research missions, these ships are also tasked with additional task of sewer transfer and treatment from other ships to prevent sewer onboard other ships from overflowing into the sea and thus causing pollution, and thus these ships also act as sewer vessels for vessel sewage discharging.[5][6]
Robert Wilson McCoy (April 6, 1902 – July 20, 1961) was an American illustrator and painter, best known as the second artist on The Phantom comic strip. He always went by his middle name and signed The Phantom as Wilson McCoy, but his other artwork was signed R. Wilson McCoy.
The pool stage of the 2008–09 Heineken Cup began on 10 October 2008, with the final match played on 25 January 2009. This was the first year for which qualified teams were seeded for the group stage.
Hallie Almena Lomax (née Davis) (July 23, 1915 – March 25, 2011) was an African American journalist and civil rights activist.
Peremyotnoye (Kazakh: Переметное, Peremetnoe; Russian: Перемётное) is a village in far north-western Kazakhstan. It is the administrative center of Bayterek_District in West Kazakhstan Region. Population: 4,308 (2009 Census results);[1] 4,406 (1999 Census results).[1]
Alhaji Mohammed Dabo Lere (1940–2002) is a Nigerian politician who was elected Governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria between January 1992 and November 1993 during the Nigerian Third Republic, leaving office after the military coup that brought General Sani Abacha to power.[1]
The 2021 Porsche Mobil 1 Supercup was the 29th Porsche Supercup season. It began on 23 May at Circuit de Monaco and ended on 12 September at the Autodromo Nazionale di Monza, after eight races, all of which were support events for the 2021 Formula One season.
Adhiyar (English: The Darkness) (Bengali: আধিয়ার) is a 2003 Bangladeshi film starring Raisul Islam Asad, Champa and Pijush Banerjee in lead roles. Selim Al Din bagged National Film Awards for Best Story.
The 99th Light Infantry Division (German: 99. Leichte Infanterie-Division) was raised in November 1940 and remained in training at Bad Kissingen until the summer of 1941. In June it took part in Operation Barbarossa—the German invasion of the Soviet Union—and operated in Poland and Ukraine under Army Group South until the fall, when it was withdrawn to Germany for reorganization as the 7th Mountain Division.
Ali Kazma (born 1971) is a Turkish video artist, best known for his series documenting human activity, and labor that explores the meaning of production and social organisation.
The Commonwealth Rehabilitation Service was an Australian Government body that provided rehabilitation and employment services to Australians with a disability from 1941 until 2015. At this time, the body was abolished and replaced with the more decentralised National Disability Insurance Scheme (NDIS) and Disability Employment Services (DES) networks.
Norton Chase (September 3, 1861, Albany, New York[1] – 1922[2]) was an American lawyer and politician from the state of New York.
Horse cloning is the process of obtaining a horse with genes identical to that of another horse, using an artificial fertilization technique. Interest in this technique began in the 1980s. The Haflinger foal Prometea, the first living cloned horse, was obtained in 2003 in an Italian laboratory. Over the years, the technique has improved. It is mainly used on high-performance but castrated or infertile animals, for reproductive cloning. These horses are then used as breeding stock. Horse cloning is only mastered by a handful of laboratories worldwide, notably in France, Argentina, North America and China. The technique is limited by the fact that some differences remain between the original and its clone, due to the influence of mitochondrial DNA.
President & CEO
Sobíšky is a municipality and village in Přerov District in the Olomouc Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
Barlow is an unincorporated community in western Barlow Township, Washington County, Ohio, United States.  Although it is unincorporated, it has a ZIP code 45712.[1]  It lies at the intersection of State Routes 339 and 550 near the South Fork of Wolf Creek, which meets the Muskingum River at Waterford to the north.[2]
Phenylglyoxylic acid is the organic compound with the formula C6H5C(O)CO2H. The conjugate base, known as benzoylformate is the substrate of benzoylformate decarboxylase, a thiamine diphosphate-dependent enzyme:
Put Ya Boots On, is the debut album by Double X Posse. it was released on August 11, 1992, under Big Beat Records.[1]
A conical roof or cone roof is a  cone-shaped roof that is circular at its base and terminates in a point.
Wancheng Township (Chinese: 万城乡) is a township-level division of Gaoyi County, Shijiazhuang, Hebei, China.[1]
The 2002 King of the Ring was the 10th annual King of the Ring professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) that featured the 16th King of the Ring tournament. It took place on June 23, 2002, at the Nationwide Arena in Columbus, Ohio. It was the first King of the Ring PPV and tournament held under the WWE name after the promotion had been renamed from World Wrestling Federation (WWF) to WWE the previous month. It was also the final King of the Ring pay-per-view event and the only King of the Ring pay-per-view to feature the Raw and SmackDown! brand divisions following the introduction of the brand extension in March. It was also the final King of the Ring event to be produced as a pay-per-view, although the King of the Ring tournament has continued to be held periodically. The King of the Ring's June PPV slot was replaced by Bad Blood in 2003. One further King of the Ring event was held in 2015, but not on PPV.
David P. Fialkow[1] (born October 18, 1958)[2][3][4] is an American venture capitalist and an award-winning documentary filmmaker and producer. He is the co-founder of General Catalyst, a venture capital firm focused on early-stage and growth investments.[5] He is also a producer of the Academy Award-winning documentary Icarus.[5]
"Pat's Secret" is the 15th episode of the ninth season of the American sitcom Everybody Loves Raymond (1996–2005). The episode aired on May 9, 2005 on CBS.
The vas deferens, with the more modern name ductus deferens, is part of the male reproductive system of many vertebrates. The ducts transport sperm from the epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in anticipation of ejaculation. The vas deferens is a partially coiled tube which exits the abdominal cavity through the inguinal canal.
Giudici is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Agrarian Socialist League was a revolutionary organization of Russian exiles. The organization was founded in 1900, in connection with the funeral of Pyotr Lavrov.[1] The Agrarian Socialist League emerged as the most prominent of the revolutionary exile groups, as it gathered several prominent figures amongst its ranks. As the Agrarian Socialist League assembled both the older generation of Narodnik revolutionaries as well as younger Socialist-Revolutionaries, it became a key constituent in forming the Socialist-Revolutionary Party. Members of the organization included Volkhovskii, Chaikovskii, I. A. Rubanovich, Lazarev, Chaim Zhitlowsky, Shishko, D. A. Khilkov, D. A. Klements, S. M. Kliachko, Rappoport, Victor Chernov, M. R. Gots, Sletov, and Serebriakov.[1] The Agrarian Socialist League sought to form a socialist collective society based on the Russian peasantry, espousing a rather orthodox version of Russian populism.[2]

Mike Mayer is an American writer, director and producer of feature and short films.  He was born in Los Angeles, California, where he lives with his wife, Sasha.
El Tren Fantasma is a 2011 album by Chris Watson. It was released on 14 November 2011 by independent record label Touch Music on CD and 12" vinyl record.
James Bowen (February 25, 1808 – September 29, 1886) was the president of Erie Railroad who served as a Union Army general during the American Civil War.[1]
Treffurt (German pronunciation: [ˈtʁɛfʊʁt] (listen)) is a small town in the western region of the Wartburgkreis district which belongs to the federal state of Thuringia. The former municipality Ifta was merged into Treffurt in January 2019. The town lies near the Werra and is surrounded by the Werratal valley and rivers. Treffurt is located next to the Hessian border and was a former part of the Sperrzone. Today, Treffurt is a tourist destination, especially due to its scenic town centre with many restored half-timbered houses and its landmark - the Normannstein castle.[3]
George William Loft (February 6, 1865 – November 6, 1943) was an American businessman, politician, real estate developer, and owner/breeder of thoroughbred racehorses.[1]
Grillby is a locality situated in Enköping Municipality, Uppsala County, Sweden with 972 inhabitants in 2010.[1]
Christopher Street is a street in the West Village neighborhood of the New York City borough of Manhattan. It is the continuation of 9th Street west of Sixth Avenue.
Ethnicity is the eleventh studio album by Yanni, released on February 11, 2003 by Virgin Records.[1] It peaked at #27 on Billboard's "Top Internet Albums" chart and at #27 on the "Billboard 200" chart in 2003.  It also peaked at #1 on the "Top New Age Albums" chart in 2004.[2]
CHNS-FM (89.9 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada. The station airs a classic hits radio format branded as 89.9 The Wave. CHNS is owned and operated by the Maritime Broadcasting System which also owns sister station CHFX-FM.
Rick Kirkman (born 1953) is a cartoonist and co-creator of the comic strip Baby Blues. He received the National Cartoonist Society Newspaper Comic Strip Award in 1995, and the Reuben Award[1] in 2012 for his work on the strip. He also served as co-executive producer of The WB animated television series of Baby Blues.
Nijat Kabul F.C. is a football team in Afghanistan. They play in the Afghan First League.
Bokshenya Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Mississippi.[1]
The 2023–24 season will be the 57th season of Denizlispor in existence and the club's first-ever season in their history in the TFF Second League, the third division of men's professional football in Turkey after being relegated from the Turkish second division TFF First League previous season, finishing in 18th place.[1][2] In addition to the domestic league, Denizlispor will participate in this season's edition of the Turkish Cup. The season covers the period from July 2023 to 30 June 2024.
Marco Ganci (born 16 May 1976) is an Italian clergyman and a diplomat of the Holy See.
Garwula District is one of five districts located in Grand Cape Mount County, Liberia. As of the 2008 Census, it has a population of 26,936.
Prigozhin or Prigogine (Russian: Пригожин) is a masculine East Slavic surname.[1]
Imperatriz-Prefeito Renato Moreira Airport (IATA: IMP, ICAO: SBIZ) is the airport serving Imperatriz, Brazil. It is named after a former mayor of Imperatriz.
Michel Arcand is a Canadian film editor.
Van Meter Hall is a building on the campus of Western Kentucky University in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Constructed in 1911, it was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 18, 1979.
Cayo Costa State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Florida, on Cayo Costa (formerly known as La Costa Island or Padilla Rancho), an island directly south of Boca Grande (Gasparilla Island) and just north of North Captiva Island, approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Cape Coral. The park is accessible only by charter boat (with or without captain), private boat, ferry[1] or helicopter.
Zvonimír Eichler (29 January 1903 – 17 February 1975) was a Czech painter, graphic artist and illustrator. He studied at the Prague Academy of Fine Arts from 1923 to 1929 under Professor J. F. Thiele, K. Krattner and W. Nowak. He was a member of the North Bohemian Artists Association and the Association of Visual Artists. He generally painted rural landscapes and flowers.
The 1973 Army Cadets football team represented the United States Military Academy in the 1973 NCAA Division I football season. In their eighth and final year under head coach Tom Cahill, the Cadets compiled an 0–10 record and were outscored by their opponents by a combined total of 382 to 67.[1]  In the annual Army–Navy Game, the Cadets lost to the Midshipmen by a 53 to 0 score and also lost to Notre Dame by a 62 to 3 score.[2]
The San (Polish: San; Ukrainian: Сян Sian; German: Saan) is a river in southeastern Poland and western Ukraine, a tributary of the river Vistula, with a length of 458 kilometres (285 mi) (it is the 6th-longest Polish river) and a basin area of 16,877 km2 (14,426 km2 of it in Poland).[1]
Mellivory is a term for the eating of honey. Honey is a sweet and viscous substance created by some eusocial insects, notably bees, for consumption by members of their hives, especially their young. Honey is also consumed by many other animals including human beings, who have developed beekeeping to make supplies of honey both reliable and plentiful. Despite honey's limited antimicrobial properties (caused by the very high osmotic pressure of its concentrated sugars) it remains a food source for a variety of microorganisms.
Baptism: A Journey Through Our Time is the eighth studio album of poetry spoken and sung by Joan Baez, released in 1968. Composer-conductor Peter Schickele (of P. D. Q. Bach fame) did the orchestration, as he had on Baez's previous albums Noël (1966) and Joan (1967).
Manek Urai is a state constituency in Kelantan, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Kelantan State Legislative Assembly.[1]
Tidalok is a village in Mingin Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.[1][2]
The Monument for the 150th Anniversary of the Battle of Puebla is a public park and memorial designed by Enrique Norten of TEN Arquitectos, located in the city of Puebla, Puebla, Mexico. The project was completed during 2011–2012,[1][2] and commemorates the 150th anniversary of the Battle of Puebla.[3]
The Coffin family was prominent in the history of whaling in the United States, operating ships out of Nantucket, Massachusetts, from the 17th to 19th centuries. Some members of the family gained wider exposure due to their discovery of various islands in the Pacific Ocean.
Ha Tae-gyu (born 20 December 1989)[1] is a South Korean fencer. He won the gold medal in the men's team foil event at the 2018 Asian Games held in Jakarta, Indonesia.[1] He also competed in the men's individual foil event.[1]
Retirement Fund (Incorporated) (Malay: Kumpulan Wang Persaraan (Diperbadankan); KWAP) is a statutory body which manages the pension scheme for Malaysia's public employees. KWAP is the investment manager of the Retirement Fund, which is applied towards financing the government's pension liability, and is responsible for the administration and payment of pension to public sector retirees.[1] KWAP is one of three main bodies in Malaysia's pension system, the others being the Employees Provident Fund (for private sector employees) and Armed Forces Fund Board (for military personnel).[1] It is also regarded as one of Malaysia's government-linked investment companies (GLICs).[2][3]
WPMB 1500 AM is a radio station licensed to Vandalia, Illinois.  The station broadcasts an adult contemporary format and is owned by Cromwell Radio Group, through licensee The Cromwell Group, Inc. of Illinois.[1]
Im Ae-ji (Korean: 임애지; born May 11, 1999) is a South Korean amateur boxer. She competed in the 2020 Summer Olympics.[1]
The 1949 Harbor Bowl was an American college football bowl game played on January 1, 1949 at Balboa Stadium in San Diego, California. The game pitted the Nevada Wolf Pack and the Villanova Wildcats. This was the 3rd and final edition of the Harbor Bowl.

Five ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Mariner:
Hoyt L. Sherman (1903–1981) was an American artist and professor. He is widely credited with having a serious influence on the work of Roy Lichtenstein, who was a student of his during the forties.[1]
Jerry Marcus (June 27, 1924, Brooklyn, New York – July 22, 2005, Waterbury, Connecticut) was a prolific freelance gag cartoonist who also created the syndicated newspaper comic strip Trudy.[1]

Moyna Flannigan (born 1963) is a Scottish artist working primarily in drawing, collage and painting.
José F. Fabella (October 26, 1888 – January 16, 1945)[1] was a Filipino physician and a public health advocate regarded in a biography as the "father of public health and social welfare in the Philippines."[2]
The Jaybird–Woodpecker War (1888–89) was a feud between two United States Democratic Party factions fighting for political control of Fort Bend County, Texas, in the southeast part of the state.[1][2][3] The Jay Bird Democratic Association was an all-White political organization formed in 1887 by young men to challenge and regain control of the county government from the biracial coalition of former White and Black Republicans (the Woodpeckers) who had dominated the county Democratic party and county government since 1869.[4][5]   Murders and political assassinations were committed against persons in each faction in 1888 and 1889.[6][7]
The 2002 Alaska Aces season was the 17th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (PBA).

Sheikh Khalaf al-Ulayyan (also transliterated as al-`Ulya) is an Iraqi politician and the leader of the Sunni Islamist-led Iraqi National Dialogue Council. The council joined the Iraqi Accord Front to contest the December 2005 general election. In April 2006[citation needed] the Front nominated Ulayyan for the post of deputy prime minister. He was granted the title of General prior to his withdrawal from the military.
The 2008 Tennessee Democratic presidential primary took place on February 5, 2008, also known as Super Tuesday.
Jens Potteck (born 5 October 1968 in Wittenberge) is a German former sport shooter who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics in 10 m air pistol. His brother, Uwe Potteck, is also an Olympic shooter.[1]

Peter Kelleher (born 25 June 1946) is a former Fine Gael member of Seanad Éireann. He was elected to the Seanad in 1983 by the Labour Panel, and re-elected in 1987.[1] He lost his seat at the 1989 election.[1]
5-4-3-2-Run is a Canadian game show for kids that ran from about 1988 to 1990 on CTV in Canada and on many independent stations in the United States. Hosted by Andrew Cochran, the show combined general knowledge questions, wacky stunts and messy surprises similar to Double Dare. The show was taped at the BCTV studios in Burnaby, British Columbia.
Kat Burns is a Canadian musician known as KASHKA[1] who was the lead songwriter and vocalist of Forest City Lovers.[2] She is also a visual artist[3][4] and voice over actor.[5]
The 2018–19 ABA League First Division is the 18th season of the ABA League with 12 teams from Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Montenegro,  Slovenia and Serbia participating in it. It is the first time since the 2011–12 season that there are no participants from North Macedonia.
USS Antigua may refer to more than one United States Navy ship:
Ronquerolles (French pronunciation: [ʁɔ̃kʁɔl] (listen)) is a commune in the Val-d'Oise department and Île-de-France region of France.
Before the Waves is the second and final album and major label debut by the Boston band Magic Man. It was produced by Alex Aldi[1] and released on July 8, 2014 by Columbia Records.[2] The first single, "Out Of Mind", and the accompanying music video were released May 19, 2014.[3]

This is a list of Florida A&M Rattlers in the NFL Draft. In total Florida A&M has had 66 players drafted since 1953.
Cirque Peak is a 12,900-foot-elevation (3,900-meter) mountain summit located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada mountain range in California.[4] It is situated on the common border of Tulare County with Inyo County, as well as the shared boundary of Golden Trout Wilderness and John Muir Wilderness, on land managed by Inyo National Forest. It is 14 miles (23 km) southwest of the community of Lone Pine, 7.7 miles (12.4 km) south-southeast of Mount Whitney, and 3.2 miles (5.1 km) south of Mount Langley, the nearest higher neighbor. Cirque Peak is the highest point of the Golden Trout Wilderness, and ranks as the 175th highest peak in California.[5] Topographic relief is significant as it rises 1,800 feet (550 meters) above Cirque Lake in approximately one mile. The Pacific Crest Trail traverses the southwest slope of this mountain, providing an approach option. The mountain was apparently named in 1890 by Joseph Nisbet LeConte and companions who noted the remarkable cirque on the north aspect.[6]
Adeyinka Olatokunbo Asekun (born 11 June 1956 in Nigeria) is a Nigerian banker and diplomat.[1] He is the current Nigerian Ambassador to Canada.[2]
Floridia (Italian pronunciation: [floˈriːdja]; Sicilian: Ciuriḍḍia[3] [çʊˈɾiɖɖja]; from Latin Florae dies "day of Flora" or the adjective floridus "florid")[4] is a town and comune in the Province of Syracuse, Sicily (Italy).
Lovells Township is a civil township of Crawford County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 626 at the 2010 census.[3]
Philip Richard Sansom (19 September 1916 – 24 October 1999) was a British anarchist writer and activist.[1][2]
Anthony Eugene Anderson (born September 27, 1956) is a former professional American football running back. He played for two seasons in the National Football League (NFL) for the Pittsburgh Steelers, where he won a Super Bowl ring in Super Bowl XIV against the Los Angeles Rams, and also played with the Atlanta Falcons. Anderson played for the Philadelphia Stars of the United States Football League (USFL) in the 1983 season.[1][2]
Zouheïra Salem (died 27 December 2020) was a Tunisian singer. She was part of the same generation of singers as Naâma, Oulaya, and Safia Chamia. Her most famous song, Baja bled el mandara wa sabba, was a tribute to her hometown of Béja. She died on 27 December 2020 in Tunis.[1]
A bardiche /bɑːrˈdiːʃ/, berdiche, bardische, bardeche, or berdish is a type of polearm used from the 14th to 17th centuries in Europe. Ultimately a descendant of the medieval sparth or Danish axe, the bardiche proper appears around 1400, but there are numerous medieval manuscripts that depict very similar weapons beginning c. 1250. The bardiche differs from the halberd in having neither a hook at the back nor a spear point at the top.[1] The use of bardiches started in early 14th-century Austria.[2] In the 16th century the bardiche became a weapon associated with the Russian streltsy.[3]
Robert Hugh Ferrell (May 8, 1921 – August 8, 2018)[3] was an American historian and a prolific author or editor of more than 60 books on a wide range of topics, including the U.S. presidency, World War I, and U.S. foreign policy and diplomacy. One of the country's leading historians,[4] Ferrell was widely considered the preeminent authority on the administration of Harry S. Truman,[5] and also wrote books about half a dozen other 20th-century presidents. He was thought by many in the field to be the "dean of American diplomatic historians", a title he disavowed.[6]
The Ravning Bridge (Danish: Ravningbroen) was a former 760 m long timber bridge, built in Denmark in the 10th century during the Viking Age. Located  10 km south of Jelling near the village of Ravning, it crossed the meadows of Ravning Enge at Vejle River.
Grootfonteinite is a rare lead carbonate mineral with the relatively simple formula Pb3O(CO3)2. It is one of number of minerals discovered on in the Kombat mine, Grootfontein district, Namibia.[2][3]
Roman Ihorovych Didyk (Ukrainian: Роман Ігорович Дідик; born 2 December 2002) is a Ukrainian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Rukh Lviv.
Yuriy Laptikov is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1980s. He won two medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a silver (C-2 500 m: 1982) and a bronze (C-2 10000 m: 1983).
In Your House 2 (retroactively titled In Your House 2: The Lumberjacks) was the second In Your House professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE). It took place on July 23, 1995, at the Nashville Municipal Auditorium in Nashville, Tennessee. The pay-per-view consisted of six professional wrestling matches, while three dark matches also occurred.
Tokagi (稲荷木) is a district of Ichikawa, Chiba, Japan.

Sir James Stumpe (by 1519 – 29 April 1563), of Malmesbury and Bromham, Wiltshire, was an English clothier and Member of Parliament.
Carlos Antonio Giménez (/hiˈmɛnɛz/ hee-MEN-ez; born January 17, 1954)[3][4] is a Cuban-born American politician and retired firefighter serving as the U.S. representative for Florida's 28th congressional district.[5] He was redistricted from Florida's 26th congressional district. A Republican, he served as mayor of Miami-Dade County from 2011 to 2020.[6] He served as a Miami-Dade County Commissioner from 2003 to 2011, and was the fire chief of the City of Miami Fire Department.
Frederick Davis "Ted" Wingfield (August 7, 1899 – July 18, 1975) was a professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of five seasons in Major League Baseball from 1923 through 1927 for the Washington Senators (1923–24) and Boston Red Sox (1924–27). Listed at 5 ft 11 in (1.80 m), 168 lb., Wingfield batted and threw right-handed. He was born in Bedford, Virginia.
43°31′13″N 108°10′50″W﻿ / ﻿43.520267°N 108.180442°W﻿ / 43.520267; -108.180442
The Pyro Plastics Corporation was an American manufacturing company based in Union Township, NJ and popular during the 1950s and 1960s that produced toys and plastic model kits. Some of the scale models manufactured and commercialised by Pyro were cars, motorcycles, aircraft, ships, and military vehicles, and animal and human figures.
Benjamin Mark Kaye[1] (1884 – March 25, 1970) was an American lawyer known for co-founding the international law firm Kaye Scholer.[2] He was also a playwright who wrote and translated several Broadway plays.[3]
The Balcones[pronunciation?] Fault or Balcones Fault Zone is an area of largely normal faulting[1] in the U.S. state of Texas that runs roughly from the southwest part of the state near Del Rio to the north-central region near Dallas[2] along Interstate 35.  The Balcones Fault zone is made up of many smaller features, including normal faults, grabens, and horsts.[3] One of the obvious features is the Mount Bonnell Fault.[4]
Aleksei Igorevich Kontsedalov (Russian: Алексе́й И́горевич Концеда́лов; born 24 July 1990) is a Russian professional association football player.
Odyan Bay (Russian: Залив Одян, trans.: Zaliv Odyan) is a small bay on the north coast of the Sea of Okhotsk. It is in the eastern corner of Taui Bay. The bay is entered between Cape Beringa to the northeast and Cape Skalisty to the southwest. It is 19.3 km (about 12 mi) wide. The high entrance points of the bay merge to form a low, sandy shore at its head. Ice remains in the bay longer than in other parts of Taui Bay. It is sheltered from all but west winds. Umara Island lies just off its south shore.[1]
Auditory imagery is a form of mental imagery that is used to organize and analyze sounds when there is no external auditory stimulus present. This form of imagery is broken up into a couple of auditory modalities such as verbal imagery or musical imagery. This modality of mental imagery differs from other sensory images such as motor imagery or visual imagery. The vividness and detail of auditory imagery can vary from person to person depending on their background and condition of their brain. Through all of the research developed to understand auditory imagery behavioral neuroscientists have found that the auditory images developed in subjects' minds are generated in real time and consist of fairly precise information about quantifiable auditory properties as well as melodic and harmonic relationships. These studies have been able to recently gain confirmation and recognition due to the arrival of Positron emission tomography and fMRI scans that can confirm a physiological and psychological correlation.
Buck James Pierce (born November 15, 1981) is the offensive coordinator of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers and a retired  professional quarterback who played nine seasons for the BC Lions and Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League. He spent the first five years of his career with the Lions before signing with the Blue Bombers for the 2010 CFL season. During the 2013 CFL season, he rejoined the Lions when the Blue Bombers traded him for Akeem Foster.[1] He played in two Grey Cup games, winning a championship in 2006 and also won as part of the coaching staff with the Winnipeg Blue Bombers in 2019 and 2021. He played college football at New Mexico State from 2001–2004, starting at quarterback for most of his senior year.
"Upside Down" is a song written, co-produced, and performed by Jack Johnson for the 2006 animated film Curious George. It is the first track and first single from the soundtrack album Sing-A-Longs and Lullabies for the Film Curious George, which was released in February 2006 (same month as theaters). A remix edition featuring Money Mark was released as a bonus track on some versions of Sing-A-Longs and Lullabies for the Film Curious George.
Walther Sallaberger (born 3 April 1963 in Innsbruck) is an Austrian Assyriologist.
Electoral competition or electoral competitiveness describes the amount of competition in electoral politics between candidates or political parties, usually measured by the margin of victory.[1]
Energy descent is a process whereby a society either voluntarily or involuntarily reduces its total energy consumption.
Hasan Abdullayev (also spelled as Hasan Mammadbaghir oghlu Abdullayev; Azerbaijani: Həsən Məmmədbağır oğlu Abdullayev; Russian: Гасан Мамедбагир оглы Абдуллаев; August 20, 1918 – September 1, 1993) was a leading[2][3] Soviet and Azerbaijani physicist, scientist and public official, who served as President of the National Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR. He was a Doctor of Sciences in physics and mathematics, Professor of physics and mathematics, Director of the Institute of Mathematics and Physics of the National Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR, full Academician of the National Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR, corresponding member of the Soviet Academy of Sciences and Russian Academy of Sciences, and in 1970-1983 was the longest-serving President of the National Academy of Sciences of the Azerbaijan SSR.[4] He was also an elected member of the Azerbaijan SSR Parliament, and the elected member of the 8th, 9th and 10th convocations of the Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union.[citation needed] Academician Abdullayev was one of the founders of the Soviet semiconductors physics and a leading scientist in new technologies. He made an outstanding contribution to the development of electronics, astrophysics, aeronautics, medicine, biophysics and defense industries. Academician Abdullayev was the author of 585 Soviet and foreign patents, including 171 secret and 65 top secret patents, author of 28 scientific books (monographs), over 800 journal and encyclopedia articles in English, Russian and Azerbaijani languages.
Equatorial Guinea is known for human rights abuses. Under the current government it has "limited ability of citizens to change their government; increased reports of unlawful murders of civilians by security forces; government-sanctioned kidnappings; systematic torture of prisoners and detainees by security forces; life threatening conditions in prisons and detention facilities; impunity; arbitrary arrest and detention and incommunicado detention; harassment and deportation of foreign residents with limited due process; judicial corruption and lack of due process; restrictions on the right to privacy; restrictions on freedom of speech and of the press; restrictions on the rights of assembly, association, and movement; government corruption; violence and discrimination against women; suspected trafficking in persons; discrimination against ethnic minorities; and restrictions on labor rights."[1]
Ocean Downs is a casino and harness racing track in Berlin, Maryland, near Ocean City. It is owned and operated by Churchill Downs Inc.
Stella (Estella Carolina) Simons (November 5, 1888 in Amsterdam – January 30, 1989 in Wassenaar) was a Dutch lawyer and feminist.[1] Simons undertook many activities in the field of child protection, care for the poor and feminism. She received recognition through her honorary membership (in 1934) from the UVSV and (in 1954) from the VVAO. Moreover, in 1958 she was appointed Officer in the Order of Orange-Nassau.[2]
The 1941 New Hampshire Wildcats football team was an American football team that represented the University of New Hampshire as a member of the New England Conference during the 1941 college football season. In its fifth year under head coach George Sauer, the team compiled a 4–3–1 record, outscoring their opponents 153–62. 
Plague is an 1898 painting in tempera by the Swiss symbolist artist Arnold Böcklin, held in the Kunstmuseum Basel. It exemplifies the artist's obsession with nightmares of war, pestilence and death. The painting shows Death riding on a bat-like winged creature, who travels through the street of a medieval European town.

The European Academic and Research Network (EARN) was a computer network connecting universities and research institutions across Europe, and was connected in 1983 via transatlantic circuits and a gateway funded by IBM[1] to BITNET, its peer in the United States.
Gerard Anthony Williams (born May 25, 1952) is a former American football cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins, San Francisco 49ers, and St. Louis Cardinals.  He also was a member of the Birmingham Americans and Birmingham Vulcans in the World Football League (WFL). He played college football at Langston University.
Niels Janniksen Bjerrum (11 March 1879 in Copenhagen – 30 September 1958) was a Danish chemist.[1]
Events from the year 1653 in art.
"Irrational exuberance" is the phrase used by the then-Federal Reserve Board chairman, Alan Greenspan, in a speech given at the American Enterprise Institute during the dot-com bubble of the 1990s. The phrase was interpreted as a warning that the stock market might be overvalued.
Audrey Peters (February 11, 1927 - August 2, 2019) was an American actress.
Jeremy Lynn[6] (born June 12, 1963), better known by the ring name Jerry Lynn, is an American retired professional wrestler currently signed with All Elite Wrestling as a producer and coach.[7] He has worked for promotions such as World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW), the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), NWA Total Nonstop Action (NWA TNA), and Ring of Honor (ROH). Lynn is a two time world heavyweight champion, having held the ECW World Heavyweight Championship once and the ROH World Championship once. Other championships held by Lynn in his career include the GWF Light Heavyweight Championship (once), WWF Light Heavyweight Championship (once), the TNA X Division Championship (twice), the NWA World Tag Team Championship (twice) and the WWA International Cruiserweight Championship (once). Lynn retired as an active wrestler on March 23, 2013, exactly 25 years after his career began.[5]
We Thank Thee is a gospel studio album by Jim Reeves, released in 1962[1] on RCA Victor.
The International Law Commission (ILC) is a body of experts responsible for helping develop and codify international law.[1][2] It is composed of 34 individuals recognized for their expertise and qualifications in international law, who are elected by the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) every five years.
The Ferdinand C. Hartwig House is a historic house located at 908 Country Lane in Watertown, Wisconsin. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 17, 1982.[1]
The Reports on Sarah and Saleem is a 2018 international co-production drama film directed by Muayad Alayan.[1][2]

John Acheson (floruit 1560–1581) was a Scottish goldsmith, mining entrepreneur, and official of the mint.
Lecciones y Ensayos is a biannual law review run by university students and published by the University of Buenos Aires School of Law since 1956.[1]
John Braddock Clontz (born April 25, 1971) is an American former Major League Baseball (MLB) relief pitcher who played for the Atlanta Braves, Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets, and Pittsburgh Pirates between 1995 and 2000.

Balkaur Singh is a member of the Haryana Legislative Assembly from the Shiromani Akali Dal representing the Kalanwali Vidhan sabha Constituency in Haryana.[1] He joined Bharatiya Janata Party just before 2019 Haryana Legislative Assembly election.[2][3]
Dražen Funtak (born 6 July 1975 in Osijek) is a Croatian sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1990s to the early 2000s (decade). At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, he was eliminated in the semifinals of the C-1 500 m, C-2 500 m, and C-2 1000 m events. Four years later in Sydney, Huidu was eliminated in the semifinals of the C-2 500 m event.
Most country's administrations have regulatory authorities devoted to producing and publishing regulations for aeronautical operations.
High Rise was a noise rock band from Tokyo, Japan formed in 1982. The core of the band has consisted of bassist Asahito Nanjo and guitarist Munehiro Narita.[1] The group named themselves after the 1975 novel High Rise by J. G. Ballard. Their music draws from psychedelic music, free jazz, and improvisational music.[2]
Janne Pitko (born September 8, 1981) is a Finnish curler from Espoo. He competed at the 2015 Ford World Men's Curling Championship in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada, as lead for the Finnish national curling team.[1][2] He is a professional poker player outside of curling, and helps support the Finland national football team.[3]
Sawaki (written: 沢木 or 澤木 lit. "swamp tree") is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Hkamti Long (also known as Khamti Long; Chinese: 坎底), also known as Khandigyi (Burmese: ခန္တီးကြီး) was a Shan state in what is today Burma. It was an outlying territory, located by the Mali River, north of Myitkyina District, away from the main Shan State area in present-day Kachin State. The main town was Putao.
Glory is a 1956 American musical film directed by David Butler and starring Margaret O'Brien, Walter Brennan and Charlotte Greenwood.[2]
Cabañeros National Park (in Spanish: Parque Nacional de Cabañeros) is a national park in the Montes de Toledo, Spain. It falls within two provinces, the northwest of Ciudad Real and the southwest of Toledo.
"Give Me the Meltdown" is a song released from Rob Thomas' second album, Cradlesong.
Air stripping is the  transferring of volatile components of a liquid into an air stream. It is an environmental engineering technology used for the purification of groundwaters and wastewaters containing volatile compounds.
Lawrence Godfrey Burton (born December 15, 1951) is a former professional American football player and world-class Olympic sprinter, finishing fourth for the United States team in the 200 meter final at the 1972 Summer Olympic Games.  He held the world record in the 60-yard dash at 5.9 seconds.[1][2]
The Ford Indigo is a concept car developed by American automobile manufacturer Ford for the 1996 auto show circuit and designed by Ford's design and technical director Claude Lobo.[2] Only two examples were built, of which only one was actually functional. It took Ford six months from the original computer designs to the finished show car. The functional concept is still owned by Ford. The non-functioning show car was auctioned off.[3]
Hureemey Inthizaarugaa (English translation: I waited)  is a 2005 Maldivian romantic drama film directed by Abdul Faththaah.[1][2] Co-produced by Malla Ahmed Nasir and Ahmed Arif under Apollo Entertainments, the film stars Ravee Farooq, Mariyam Zuhura and Waleedha Waleed in pivotal roles.[3] The film was heavily relied on the effect of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake on the Maldives.[4]
Pieter-Jozef Verhaghen[a] (19 March 1728 in Aarschot – 3 April 1811 in Leuven)[1] was a Flemish painter of large-scale religious and mythological scenes.  He is regarded as the last representative of the so-called Flemish School of painting.  In particular, he is seen as continuing the artistic tradition of Flemish Baroque painting as exemplified by Rubens in the late 18th century and into the 19th century.  He was highly regarded during his lifetime and enjoyed the patronage of eminent patrons and religious institutions.  He was appointed first court painter to Empress Maria Theresa of Austria who also provided him a stipend to travel abroad to further his artistic studies.[2]
Gvazava (Georgian: გვაზავა) is a Georgian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Senadin is a state constituency in Sarawak, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Sarawak State Legislative Assembly since 1996.
The Symphony No. 12, Op. 390, subtitled La Rurale, is a work for orchestra by French composer Darius Milhaud. The piece was written in 1961 for the dedication of the concert hall at the University of California, Davis, a campus historically focused on agricultural studies.[1]
The 2016 Conference USA Championship Game was played on Saturday, December 3, 2016, at Houchens Industries–L. T. Smith Stadium in Bowling Green, Kentucky, and determined the 2016 football champion of Conference USA (C-USA). The game featured the West Division champion Louisiana Tech visiting the East Division champion Western Kentucky Hilltoppers (WKU), with the Hilltoppers winning 58–44. The game was broadcast nationally by ESPN for the 5th consecutive year.[2] The title sponsor was Dynacraft BSC.[3]
David Feito Vélez (born 19 December 1982 in Coria del Río, Province of Seville) is a Spanish former footballer who played as a left-back.
Welcome Reverend (Italian: Benvenuto, reverendo!) is a 1950 Italian crime film comedy directed, written by and starring Aldo Fabrizi. It co-stars Massimo Girotti and Lianella Carell.
Shammaila (Arabic/Persian/Urdu:شمائلہ) (IPA:ʃʊmaːʔɪləh) is an Arabic female name. Notable people with this name include:
Samuel Chelanga (born February 23, 1985, in Baringo County, Kenya) is a Kenyan-born American track and field athlete who competed for Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, from 2008 to 2011. He holds the NCAA record for the 10,000 meters run with a time of 27:08.49 set at the Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational at Palo Alto, California, on May 1, 2010.[2] His brother, Joshua Chelanga, is a professional marathon runner.
The 1999 Starrcade was the 17th annual Starrcade professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event produced by World Championship Wrestling (WCW). It took place on December 19, 1999, from the MCI Center in Washington, D.C.
Tomás Domínguez Romera Pérez de Pomar, 11th Marquess of San Martín, Count consort of Rodezno, Count consort of Valdellano (1848-1931) was a Spanish aristocrat, landholder and politician. He supported the Carlist cause. His political climax fell on the years of 1905-1916, when during 4 consecutive terms he represented the district of Aoiz in the Congress of Deputies, the lower chamber of the Cortes. In the 1910s he held the Carlist regional jefatura first in New Castile and Extremadura, and then briefly in Andalusia; at that time he was also member of the nationwide party executive. 
Logabirum is a quarter in the city of Leer in East Frisia, Lower Saxony, Germany.
33°18′27″N 44°23′25″E﻿ / ﻿33.307577°N 44.390259°E﻿ / 33.307577; 44.390259
Christopher Glynn Ragland (born June 18, 1984) is an American actor.
Stanley Augustus Patrick (May 5, 1922 – January 1, 2000[1]) was an American National Basketball Association player.[2]

Walter Harris (1686–1761) was an Anglo-Irish historian and writer.

Glenn Barden was one of the series producers of the National Geographic series One Strange Rock hosted by Will Smith.
Mariana Francisca de Jesús Torres y Berriochoa OIC, (1563, Biscay – 16 January 1635,[1] Quito), was an abbess of Conceptionist Monastery of Quito from 1593 to 1635.
Curren De Mille Price Jr. (born December 16, 1950, in Los Angeles, California) is an American politician of the Democratic Party, currently serving as a Los Angeles city council member for District 9. Price was a California State Senator, representing the state's 26th Senate District which he won in the May 19, 2009 special election to fill the seat vacated by Mark Ridley-Thomas. He previously served as a member of the California State Assembly, representing the state's 51st Assembly District. He was first elected to that position in 2006, and was re-elected in 2008. Price resigned as state senator on July 1, 2013, to be sworn in as Los Angeles city councilman.[1]
Louisburg Historic District is a national historic district located at Louisburg, Franklin County, North Carolina.   The district encompasses 206 contributing buildings, 1 contributing site, 6 contributing structures, and 1 contributing object in residential sections of Louisburg included in the original 1779 town plan.  It also includes a section of Louisburg College located on the old Town Commons.  Dwellings date between about 1800 and the 1920s and include notable examples of popular architectural styles including Federal / Georgian, Italianate / Greek Revival, Queen Anne, Colonial Revival, Late Victorian, and Bungalow / American Craftsman.  Located in the district and separately listed are the Fuller House, Williamson House, and Main Building, Louisburg College.  Other notable buildings include the Shine-King House (c. 1800), Milner-Perry-Boddie-Dennis House (c. 1779), Dr. J.B. Clifton House (c. 1865), The Edgerton-Pruitt House (c. 1905), The Furgurson-Hicks House (c. 1908), Nicholson-Bickett-Taylor House (c. 1897), The Hughes-Watson-Wheless House (c. 1900), Bailey-Yarborough House (c. 1895), The Barrow House (c. 1888–1890), The Neal-Webb House (c. 1904), The Milner-Williams-Person Place (c. 1789–1830), Former Rectory-St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Hicks-Perry-Bland-Holmes House (c. 1914), Malcomb McKinne House (c. 1922) First Baptist Church (1927), Louisburg United Methodist Church (1900), and Louisburg Baptist Church (1901-1904).[2]
World of Black and Silver is Crystal Eyes' first album released in 1999 by Crazy Life Music. Released again in 2005 under Crystal Eyes' new label, Heavy Fidelity.
Slovak Americans are Americans of Slovak descent. In the 1990 Census, Slovak Americans made up the third-largest portion of Slavic ethnic groups. There are currently about 790,000 people of Slovak descent living in the United States.[1][2]
The United Reformed Church (URC) is a Protestant Christian church in the United Kingdom. As of 2022 it had approximately 40,000 members in 1,284 congregations with 334 stipendiary ministers.[2]
XEOJN-AM (La Voz de la Chinantla – "The Voice of la Chinantla") is an indigenous community radio station that broadcasts in Spanish, Mazatec, Cuicatec and Chinantec from San Lucas Ojitlán, in the Mexican state of Oaxaca.  It is run by the Cultural Indigenist Broadcasting System (SRCI) of the National Commission for the Development of Indigenous Peoples (CDI).  The frequency is 950 kHz.
Remove before flight is a safety warning often seen on removable aircraft and spacecraft components, typically in the form of a red ribbon, to indicate that a device, such as a protective cover or a pin to prevent the movement of mechanical parts, is only used when the aircraft is on the ground (parked or taxiing). On small general aviation aircraft, this may include a pitot tube cover or a control lock. The warning appears in English only. Other ribbons labelled "pull to arm" or similar are found on missiles and other weapon systems that are not mounted on aircraft. 

Sir Nicholas Fairfax (1498/99 – 1571), of Gilling Castle and Walton, Yorkshire, was an English politician.[1]
Tyzen Hsiao (Chinese: 蕭泰然; pinyin: Xiāo Tàirán; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Siau Thài-jiân; 1 January 1938 – 24 February 2015) was a Taiwanese composer of the neo-Romantic school. Many of his vocal works set poems written in Taiwanese Hokkien, the mother tongue of the majority of the island's residents at the time. His compositions stand as a musical manifestation of the Taiwanese literature movement that revitalized the island's literary and performing arts in the 1970s and 1980s. Hsiao's career in music included additional success as a pianist and conductor.
In enzymology, a ribosyldihydronicotinamide dehydrogenase (quinone) (EC 1.10.99.2) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Catharina Johanna Lodders, now Catharina Evans[1] (born 18 August 1942 in Haarlem) is a Dutch model and beauty queen who won the 1962 Miss World contest, representing the Netherlands.[2]
Houston is a ghost town in Graham Township, Graham County, Kansas, United States.[1]
Doug Flutie's Maximum Football 2020 is a gridiron football video game developed and published by Canuck Play. It is the sequel to Maximum Football 2019 and the predecessor to Maximum Football (2023). The game was released on September 25, 2020, for PlayStation 4, and Xbox One.[1]
Melby is a farming village in the municipality of Skaun in Trøndelag county, Norway.  It is located in the south-central part of the municipality, about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southwest of the village of Skaun and the Norwegian County Road 709 and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of Eggkleiva.  The town of Orkanger and it suburb of Fannrem (in the neighboring municipality) both lie about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) to the west.
Meale is an English surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Antonio Caso Andrade (December 19, 1883 – March 6, 1946) was a Mexican philosopher and rector of the former Universidad Nacional de México, nowadays known as the National Autonomous University of Mexico from December 1921 to August 1923. Along with José Vasconcelos, he founded the Ateneo de la Juventud, a humanist group against philosophical positivism. The Athenian generation opposed Auguste Comte and Herbert Spencer’s philosophical views, giving credence to and expanding on the ideas of  Henri Bergson, Schopenhauer, Nietzsche, and José Enrique Rodó. Caso opposed rationalism. His group the ateneistas believed in a moral, willing, and spiritual individual being.[1] He was the older brother of archaeologist Alfonso Caso.[2]
The Recreation Ground, usually referred to as Treflan, is a football stadium in Llansantffraid-ym-Mechain, Powys, Wales and is the home of Mid Wales League Division One club Llansantffraid Village.[3] The Recreation Ground was the home of Welsh Premier League team The New Saints[1] until they moved to Park Hall in nearby Oswestry, England, the former home of Oswestry Town.
Ga is the third consonant of Indic abugidas. In modern Indic scripts, ga is derived from the early "Ashoka" Brahmi letter , which is probably derived from the Aramaic letter  (gimel, /g/) after having gone through the Gupta letter .
Goraul railway station is a railway station on the Muzaffarpur–Hajipur section in East Central Railway under Sonpur railway division of Indian Railways. The railway station is situated beside National Highway 22 at Ghoraul Bhagwanpur in Vaishali district of the Indian state of Bihar.[1][2]
Trúc Hồ (born April 2, 1964) is a  Vietnamese American musician turned producer, known for his contributions to the musical variety shows Asia (produced by his company Asia Entertainment), as well as his 24-hour Vietnamese channel Saigon Broadcasting Television Network.
Fortress Island is one of the San Juan Islands in San Juan County, Washington, USA. Located in Lopez Sound, the uninhabited, rocky island has a land area of 3.21 acres (1.30 hectares) and is almost completely devoid of vegetation.[1] It is part of the Turtleback complex, a series of intrusive rocks in Lopez Sound formed out of crystallized molten magma that also includes Bird Rock, Low Island, and others.[2]
The Medicine Bow Union Pacific Depot was built 1912–1919 in Medicine Bow, Wyoming for the Union Pacific Railway. It is a typical example of Union Pacific railway architecture with a hipped clay shingle roof with broad overhangs supported by brackets over a one-story wood-frame station structure. The depot features a projecting bay designed to allow the station master to see incoming trains. The western section of the building contained the waiting room, the station office and a baggage room, while the eastern section contained living quarters for the stationmaster and his family. The station functioned in its original purpose until May 1981.[2]
The sof passuk (Hebrew: סוֹף פָּסוּק‎, end of verse, also spelled sof pasuq and other variant English spellings, and sometimes called סילוק silluq) is the cantillation mark that occurs on the last word of every verse, or passuk, in the Tanakh. Some short verses contain only members of the sof passuk group.
Al-Thaʿlabi (Abū Isḥāḳ Aḥmad ibn Muḥammad ibn Ibrāhīm al-Nīsābūrī al-Thaʿlabī أبو اسحاق أحمد بن محمد بن ابراهيم الثعلبي; died November 1035) was an eleventh-century Islamic scholar of Persian origin.[1]
Roger Etienne Brunschwig (July 14, 1891[1] — Dec 7, 1972[2]) Commander of the Legion of Honor,[3] was a much‐decorated French hero of the two world wars.[2]
Jan Matouš (born 30 May 1961) is a former Czechoslovakian biathlete. At the 1987 World Championships in Lake Placid, New York. Matouš won a bronze medal in the 20 km individual. He also won a silver medal in the team competition at the 1990 World Championships in Minsk.
Matouš's best Olympic placing was a 9th place in the sprint event at the 1984 Olympics in Sarajevo.
The 2017 Malaysia Cup knockout phase began on 15 September 2017 and concluded on 4 November 2017 with the final at Shah Alam Stadium in Selangor, Malaysia to decide the champions of the 2017 Malaysia Cup. A total of 8 teams competed in the knockout phase.
Ernesto Vecchi (4 January 1936 – 28 May 2022) was an Italian Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop.[1]
Alexa Glatch and Asia Muhammed were the defending champions, but Glatch chose not to participate. Muhammed partnered up with Yasmin Schnack and won the title, defeating Irina Falconi and Maria Sanchez in the final, 6–2, 1–6, [12–10].
Ivan Ivanovich Zassoursky (Russian: Иван Засурский; born 29 August 1974) is a Russian journalist, philologist,[1] professor, producer, and researcher. He is the head of the Department of New Media and Communications Theory Studies in the School of Journalism at the Moscow State University, founder and publisher of Chastny Korrespondent, an online newspaper. He was also the host of Press Club XXI,[2] a talk show, and has authored more than 500 publications and periodicals in Russia and abroad.[3] He is the grandson of Yassen Zassoursky.
This is a list of ISO 639-3 language codes starting with O.
Cornell is an unincorporated community in Delta County, Michigan, United States. Cornell is located in Cornell Township 10.5 miles (16.9 km) west-northwest of Gladstone.[2] Cornell has a post office with ZIP code 49818.[3]
 Syria:Syrian Armed Forces
Statistics of Danish 1st Division in the 1917/1918 season.
South Dakota Magazine is a bi-monthly magazine publication that explores the culture, events, history, characters, landscape and communities of South Dakota. Bernie Hunhoff founded the magazine in 1985 after several years in the newspaper business,.[1] His daughter, Katie Hunhoff, is now the editor and publisher. The magazine has also produced several books featuring South Dakota stories, photography, and interesting places.
The Artios Award for Outstanding Achievement in Casting – Big Budget Feature (Drama) is an award handed out annually by the Casting Society of America. The award, in its current incarnation, was first awarded in 2009, when the category made the distinction of award comedic films with larger budgets, and studio backing. Previously, since the second awards ceremony in 1986, the category had only held the distinction of Outstanding Achievement in Feature Film Casting – Drama. The award honors the casting directors of higher-budgeted, in comparison to independently-backed, films that the voting body believes featured the best casting.
In image processing, pixel connectivity is the way in which pixels in 2-dimensional (or hypervoxels in n-dimensional) images relate to their neighbors.
Levín (German: Lewin) is a market town in Litoměřice District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 200 inhabitants.
Ricardo José Belli (born 10 September 1986) is a Brazilian football manager, currently in charge of Palmeiras (women).[1]
Richard Henry Blood Sr. (born February 28, 1953),[1][2] better known by his ring name Ricky "The Dragon" Steamboat, is an American retired professional wrestler best known for his work with the American Wrestling Association (AWA), Jim Crockett Promotions (JCP), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE). Steamboat is often regarded as one of the best professional wrestlers of all time.[5]

51°30′13″N 0°5′55″W﻿ / ﻿51.50361°N 0.09861°W﻿ / 51.50361; -0.09861
Israel Rosh (Hebrew: ישראל ראש; born March 3, 1988) is an Israeli footballer playing for Hapoel Ra'anana.[1]
Alborz (Persian: البرز, also Romanized as Alburz)[1] is a village in Qomrud Rural District, in the Central District of Qom County, Qom Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 136, in 30 families.[2]
The Agenda Project is a non-profit political organization based in Washington, D.C.It was founded in 2010 by political strategist and author Erica Payne, founder of the consulting firm The Tesseract Group. The organization aims to connect stakeholders to build relationships and deepen the understanding of progressive ideas and specific policy issues.[1][2][3]
Doston Ibragimov (born 23 January 1997) is an Uzbekistani footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC G'ijduvon.
The Recession 2 is the twelfth studio album by American rapper Jeezy. The album was released on November 20, 2020, by YJ Music, Inc., CTE and Def Jam Recordings.[2][3] It serves as a sequel to his third album The Recession (2008). The album features guest appearances from Tamika Mallory, Yo Gotti, E-40, Demi Lovato, Lil Duval, Ne-Yo and Rick Ross.
Charles River Broadcasting Company was the owner of classical music stations, a classic rock station, a CNN Headline News affiliate, and a syndicated classical music program service, serving communities in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.
Aggi Ásgerð Ásgeirsdóttir (born 1966) is a Faroese artist. She was born in Tórshavn, Faroe Islands. She was educated  in Denmark and then moved back to the Faroe Islands,  to the small village Vágur in Suðuroy, which is the southernmost island. In the summer 2009 Aggi move to Tórshavn or to Argir, now part of the municipality of Tórshavn. While Aggi was living in Suðuroy, her art was her main occupation, and also mentored Ruth Smith Art Museum in Vágur, she was the chairman of the association "Skálin við Skálá", which owns the museum. Aggi often showed the museum for tourists while she was living in Vágur.
Tint Swe (Burmese: တင့်ဆွေ) is a former Deputy Minister of Construction.[1]
Mobile automaton (plural: mobile automata) within theoretical computer science, is a class of automata similar to cellular automata but which have a single "active" cell instead of updating all cells in parallel. In a mobile automaton, the evolution rules apply only to the active cell, and also specify how the active cell moves from one generation to the next. All cells that are not active remain the same from one generation to the next. Mobile automata can therefore be considered a hybrid between elementary cellular automata and Turing machines.
The Ministry of Detainees and Ex-Detainees Affairs is a government agency responsible for the welfare and well-being of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails and their families. It was established in 1994 as part of the Palestinian Authority under the Oslo Accords.[1][2]
Betty Swenson (November 4, 1933 – December 20, 2016) was an American politician who served in the Colorado House of Representatives from the 12th district from 1985 to 1993.[1]
The N3 road is one of the national highways of Gabon. It connects to the east of the country along the centre.
Towns located along the highway include: 
Miracle at Moreaux is a 1985 Canadian made-for-television drama film based on the novel Twenty and Ten by Claire Huchet Bishop. The film stars Loretta Swit as the main character of Sister Gabrielle, and was co-written and directed by Paul Shapiro.[1]
Vera Arkadevna Michurina-Samoilova (Russian: Вера Аркадьевна Мичурина-Самойлова; 1866–1948) was a Russian and Soviet actress of Saint Petersburg / Leningrad. She was a People's Artist of the USSR.
The Kana (Russian: Кана) is a river in the southwestern part on the Kola Peninsula, Murmansk Oblast, Russia.  The Kana is a tributary to the Umba. It is 48 kilometres (30 mi) long, and has a drainage basin of 284 square kilometres (110 sq mi).[1] It has its sources in the forests southeast of Lake Imandra, about 25 km south of the town of Apatity. From there it flows in a southeasterly direction, through a largely uninhabited landscape dominated by forests and bogs. Its outlet is at the northern end of Lake Kanozero on the Umba River.
The American Defense Service Medal was a military award of the United States Armed Forces, established by Executive Order 8808, by President Franklin D. Roosevelt, on June 28, 1941.[1][2] The medal was intended to recognize those military service members who had served on active duty between September 8, 1939, and December 7, 1941.
Jeppe Svend Aage Beck Laursen (1 June 1972) is a Norwegian actor and stuntman.[1] His biggest role was in the historical TV drama The Last Kingdom.
Zadrže (pronounced [ˈzaːdəɾʒɛ], German: Sadersche[2]) is a settlement immediately west of Šmarje pri Jelšah in eastern Slovenia. The entire area of the Municipality of Šmarje pri Jelšah was traditionally part of Styria and is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.[3]
Shamrock Farms is a dairy company in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. Its mascot is a cow named "Roxie."
Torashi Shimazu (島津 虎史, Shimazu Torashi, born August 20, 1978) is a former Japanese football player.[1]
Sarhan Bader (Arabic: سرحان بدر, Hebrew: סרחאן בדר; born 1975 or 1976) is an Israeli Arab political activist who is planning to form a Zionist Arab political party.[1]

The Tealby Hoard is a hoard of medieval coins found at Tealby, Lincolnshire in 1807.[1]
The Trabzon Cup was a tournament for professional female tennis players played on outdoor hardcourts in Trabzon, Turkey. The event was classified as a $50,000 ITF Women's Circuit tournament which took place only in 2013. In the same year there were two Trabzon Cup events, the second came one week after the first.
Kriton Ilyadis (16 January 1916 - 1 September 1980) was a Turkish cinematographer of Greek origin.
Skierfe is a mountain in the south-eastern parts of Sarek National Park in Sweden. Its western cliff face is almost vertical and goes down to Rapa River and the Laitaure delta. The mountain is 1,179 m (3,868 ft) high.[1]
The Red River Valley is a region in central North America that is drained by the Red River of the North; it is part of both Canada and the United States. Forming the border between Minnesota and North Dakota when these territories were admitted as states in the United States, this fertile valley has been important to the economies of these states and to Manitoba, Canada.
The 2019 ABA League Second Division Playoffs is the play-off tournament that decided the winner of the 2018–19 ABA League Second Division season. The playoffs started on March 20, 2019 and ended on April 8, 2019.[2] The winner of the play-offs qualified for the 2019–20 ABA League First Division.
The 2007–08 Czech Extraliga season was the 15th season of the Czech Extraliga since its creation after the breakup of Czechoslovakia and the Czechoslovak First Ice Hockey League in 1993.
The name Koppu has been used for three tropical cyclones in the northwestern Pacific Ocean. The name was contributed by Japan, and means 'cup'.
Chakib Arslane Mazari (born January 6, 1989) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for RC Relizane in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.[1]
Écluzelles (French pronunciation: ​[eklyzɛl]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in north central France.
Lončari (Serbian Cyrillic: Лончари) is a village in the municipality of Gacko, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Medow is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.
"Boa Constrictor" is a song written by Shel Silverstein[2] and originally featured on his 1962 album Inside Folk Songs.[3]
Johann Friedrich Flatt (20 February 1759 – 24 November 1821) was a German Protestant theologian and philosopher. 
Halboun or Halbun (Arabic: حلبون) is a Syrian village in the Al-Tall District of the Rif Dimashq Governorate. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), Halboun had a population of 6,521 in the 2004 census.[1] Its inhabitants are predominantly Sunni Muslims.[2]
Away from the Sun is the second studio album recorded by American rock band 3 Doors Down. It was released by Universal Music Group on November 12, 2002. The singles released for the album were as follows: "When I'm Gone", "The Road I'm On", "Here Without You", and "Away from the Sun". The recording sessions took place during the summer of 2002 with producer and engineer Rick Parashar at London Bridge Studio, in Seattle, Washington. Rush guitarist Alex Lifeson performed live with the band during their premiere party in Biloxi for Away from the Sun. The album has sold eight million copies worldwide, including well over four million in the US alone.[9][10]
Tim Pidgeon (born September 20, 1964) is a former American football linebacker. He played for the Miami Dolphins in 1987.[1][2]
The Red River floods refer to the various flooding events in recent history of the Red River of the North, which forms the border between North Dakota and Minnesota and flows north, into Manitoba.
John Raymond Ylitalo (December 25, 1916 – February 10, 1987), also known as J. Raymond Ylitalo, was an American diplomat and the 29th United States Ambassador to Paraguay (1969–1972).
Lines of Zahn are a characteristic of thrombi. They have layers, with lighter layers of platelets and fibrin, and darker layers of red blood cells. They are more present on thrombi formed with faster blood flow, more so on thrombi from the heart and aorta. They are only seen on thrombi formed before death. They are named after German–Swiss pathologist Friedrich Wilhelm Zahn.
Skull Hollow is a small campground in the Ochoco National Forest & Crooked River National Grassland. It is located in Central Oregon east of Terrebonne, Oregon and often used as a campground for people who are visiting Smith Rock State Park.[1][2]
Éva Rakusz (born 13 May 1961, in Miskolc) is a Hungarian sprint canoer who competed in the 1980s. Competing in two Summer Olympics, she won two medals with a silver (K-4 500 m: 1988) and a bronze (K-2 500 m: 1980).
Adjeil Glória Neves (born 7 October 1996), sometimes known as Mimi, is a footballer who plays as a left-back for Oriental Dragon FC. Born in São Tomé and Príncipe, he represents the São Tomé and Príncipe national team.
Step in the Arena is the second studio album by hip hop duo Gang Starr, printed as a 1990 release,[4] and commercially released on January 15, 1991.[5] In 2007, it was named the greatest hip hop album of all time by IGN.[6] HipHopDX called it "the album that cemented Gang Starr as a timeless tag team."[7]
The Court of Flags Resort was a resort located in Orlando, Florida, USA.
Thingyan Moe (Burmese: သင်္ကြန်မိုး, English: Rain in the Water Festival) is a 1985 Burmese film directed by Maung Tin Oo and starring Nay Aung, Zin Wine, Khin Than Nu and May Than Nu. The movie follows the life of a musician from 1959 to 1982, with many of the scenes set at traditional Thingyan celebrations.[1]
Willy Rath (1872–1940) was a German screenwriter, mainly of the silent era. He was also a successful writer for cabaret.[1]
miR-196 is a non-coding RNA called a microRNA that has been shown to be expressed in humans (MI0000238, MI0000279) and mice (MI0000552, MI0000553).[1][2] 
miR-196 appears to be a vertebrate specific microRNA and has now been predicted or experimentally confirmed in a wide range of vertebrate species (MIPF0000031). In many species the miRNA appears to be expressed from intergenic regions in HOX gene clusters. The hairpin precursors are predicted based on base pairing and cross-species conservation—their extents are not known.  In this case the mature sequence is excised from the 5' arm of the hairpin.
Eva Elisabet von Bahr (born 17 December 1968) is a Swedish make-up artist and hair stylist. She is best known for her works in Arn: The Knight Templar (2007), The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (2011), The 100-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared (2013), and A Man Called Ove (2015), Dune (2021). She received her first Oscar nomination Academy Award for Best Makeup and Hairstyling at the 88th Academy Awards along with Love Larson.[1]
Jugorje (pronounced [ˈjuːɡɔɾjɛ]) is a settlement east of Gabrje in the Gorjanci Hills in the City Municipality of Novo Mesto in southeastern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.[2]
Dr. Jürgen-Peter Graf (born December 22, 1952 in Oberkirch (Baden)) is a German lawyer. He became judge of the German Federal Court of Justice (Bundesgerichtshof) on February 5, 2003.[1][2]
Plaza Rueda is a public square in Ermita, Manila, bounded by Taft Avenue to the west, United Nations Avenue to the north and General Luna Street to the east.
The Silencers is a comic book series created by Fred Van Lente (writer) and Steve Ellis (artist).[1] The series is published by Moonstone Books. The series involves The Silencers, super-powered humans that happen to be the muscle for the Provenzano Mob Family. The series follows The Cardinal and his squad of Silencers as a new drug family has infiltrated the Provenzano territory trafficking a new drug named Black Kiss. The focus of the series is the criminals, and while they are super-powered they are neither heroes nor villains. 
Charles Minnigerode Beckwith (June 2, 1851 – April 18, 1928) was fourth bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Alabama from 1902 till 1928.
The House at 170 Otis Street in Newton, Massachusetts is a rare local work of the nationally known Boston architect Hammatt Billings. The two story Second Empire house was built in 1870–71 for Charles Ellis and Emma Claflin Ellis, the daughter of William Claflin, then Governor of Massachusetts, whose own home (no longer extant) was in Newtonville. The house's most prominent feature is its mansard-roofed 2+1⁄2-story tower, topped with iron cresting.[2]
Henry Bartos (May 20, 1913 – December 28, 1987) was an American football guard in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins.  He played college football at the University of North Carolina and was drafted in the twelfth round of the 1938 NFL Draft.[1] Henry “Hank” Bartos coached the line at the University of South Carolina under three different head coaches from 1946-1964.
Marco Pilato (born 14 April 1973 in Italy) is an Italian retired footballer.
Balconevisi is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of San Miniato, province of Pisa. At the time of the 2001 census, its population was 153.[1]
Nong Bua City Football Club (Thai หนองบัว ซิตี้), is a Thai football club based in Nong Bua Lamphu, Thailand. The club is currently playing in the 2017 Thailand Amateur League North Eastern Region.
Qube Research & Technologies (Qube) is a global quantitative and systematic investment management firm. It uses a technology and data-driven approach towards investing. Headquartered in London, it has additional offices in Hong Kong, Mumbai, Paris and Singapore.
Amalia Molina (Seville, 1881 - Barcelona, July 8, 1956) was a popular Spanish tonadillera and dancer. Raised in Triana, she moved at a young age to Madrid, where she debuted at the age of 17. Her career took her to Latin America and even Broadway. In Paris she premiered in the opera, Goyescas. She starred in the film, Malvaloca (1926). She was married from 1904 to Trelles del Busto.[1]
Gioiella Prisma Taranto is a professional Volleyball based in Taranto, Italy. It plays in Italian Volleyball League. It was created in 1997 under the name of Magna Grecia Volley, and now it is named Prisma Volley.
John Bluford Scheneberg (November 20, 1887 – September 26, 1950) was a pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and St. Louis Browns.[1]
Shopping (ショッピング, Shoppingu) is the first album by InoueYosuiOkudaTamio, the duo consisting of Japanese singer-songwriters Yōsui Inoue and Tamio Okuda. 
It was released in February 1997 under For Life and SME, two different labels that Inoue and Okuda had contracted with, respectively.
The girls' freestyle 73 kg competition at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics was held on 13 October, at the Asia Pavilion.[1]
Claudio Coldebella (born 25 June 1968) is an Italian former professional basketball player, coach and executive.
The Canadian Language Benchmarks (CLB), or Niveaux de compétence linguistique canadien (NCLC) in French, comprise a 12-point scale of task-based language proficiency descriptors used to guide the teaching and assessment of ESL learners in Canada. Like the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages and the ACTFL Proficiency Guidelines, the Canadian Language Benchmarks describe ESL learners' successive levels of communicative achievement. 
Anahí Berneri (born 1975) is an Argentine film director and screenwriter. Her films have been shown at various film festivals around the world.[1][2]
Terry Dunn (born May 6, 1953) was the head men's basketball coach at Dartmouth College from 2004 through January 9, 2010, when he resigned his position.[1]
The Davidson–Smitherman House, also known as the Davidson Plantation, is a historic plantation house in Centreville in Bibb County, Alabama.[1][2]   It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on January 6, 1988.[1]
The New Hampshire State Navy during the American Revolutionary War consisted of a single ship commissioned by the state of New Hampshire in 1779.  The Hampden, a privateer owned by John Langdon, was purchased and outfitted by the state in August 1779 for use in what became known as the Penobscot Expedition.  The Hampden was captured by the British Royal Navy, which eventually put it into service.  The state also authorized the issuance of letters of marque and created an admiralty court to deal with marine matters, including the disposition of prizes brought in by privateers.
Lisette G. de Pillis is an American mathematician at Harvey Mudd College and holds the Norman F. Sprague, Jr. Professorship of Life Sciences at Harvey Mudd.[1] She chaired the Department of Mathematics in 2008-2009 and again from 2014 to 2019. She directed the Harvey Mudd College Global Clinic program from 2009 to 2014.  She is also the co-director of the Harvey Mudd College Center for Quantitative Life Sciences.[2]
Li Ban (李班) (288–334), courtesy name Shiwen (世文), posthumous name initially Crown Prince Li (戾太子), later Emperor Ai of Cheng (Han) (成(漢)哀帝), was briefly an emperor of the Di-led Cheng Han dynasty of China.
Aleksandrów Kujawski railway station is a railway station serving the town of Aleksandrów Kujawski, in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, Poland. The station is located on the Kutno–Piła railway and Aleksandrów Kujawski–Ciechocinek railway. The train services are operated by PKP and Przewozy Regionalne.
Ryōichi Sasakawa (笹川 良一, Sasakawa Ryōichi, May 4, 1899 in Mini City, Osaka – July 18, 1995 in Tokyo)[1] was a Japanese suspected war criminal, businessman, far-right politician, and philanthropist. He was born in Minoh, Osaka. In the 1930s and during the Second World War he was active both in finance and in politics, actively supporting the Japanese war effort including raising his own paramilitary units. He was elected to the Japanese parliament during the war. After Japan's defeat he was imprisoned for a time, accused of war crimes, and then found financial success in various business ventures, including motorboat-racing gambling events (Kyōtei) and ship building. He supported anticommunist activities, including the World Anti-Communist League. In 1951 he helped found the Nippon Foundation and became its first president. The foundation has done charitable work around the world, for which it and Sasakawa have received many official honors.
Milan Obrenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Милан Обреновић, c. 1770 – 16 December 1810) was a general (vojvoda) during the Serbian Revolution. He was the half-brother of Prince Miloš I of Serbia.
C-P-3.com is the fourth studio album by the rapper C-Murder. It was released on October 23, 2001, by TRU Records and Priority Records with production by Rod (Bass Heavy) Tillman Carlos Stephens and Donald XL Robertson. It was C-Murder's first album since leaving No Limit Records.
Villemoirieu (French pronunciation: ​[vil.mwaʁjø]) is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.[3]
Eero Erkki Emanuel Akaan-Penttilä (born April 17, 1943 in Heinola) is a Finnish politician and member of the parliament from the National Coalition Party. He was elected to Parliament of Finland in 1999.[1]
Sofia Àchaval de Montaigu is an Argentine fashion model, stylist, editor and designer.
The Germanic-American Institute (GAI) is a nonprofit language & culture organization based in Saint Paul, Minnesota, United States.  Its mission is “connecting people to a broader world through German language and culture”.
Bana'im were a minor Jewish sect and an offshoot of the Essenes during the second century in Palestine.[1][2] Other minor sects of Judaism include Hypsistarians, Hemerobaptists and the Maghāriya.[3][1] The name Bana'im occurs only in Mikva'ot 9:6. The Bana'im put heavy emphasis on the cleanliness of clothing, they believed that garments cannot even have a small mudstain before dipping in purifying water. There exists considerable debate around their activities in Palestine and the meaning of the name, some believe that they would put heavy emphasis on the study of the creation of the world, while some believe that the Bana'im were an Essene order employed with the ax and shovel. Other scholars instead have suggested that the name of the Bana'im is derived from the Greek word for "bath". In this case the sect would be similar to the Hemerobaptists or Tovelei Shaḥarit.[1]
Wintour is Coming was a headlining concert tour by American rock band Fall Out Boy in support of their 2015 album, American Beauty/American Psycho. It began on February 25, 2016 in San Juan, Puerto Rico, and ended on March 27, 2016 in San Francisco, California. Opening acts included Puerto Rican pop punk band Late Night Drive in San Juan, PVRIS and Awolnation in most of the tour dates and Finish Ticket in San Francisco. The tour, announced in October 2015, played a total of twenty-three concerts over the course one month in the Caribbean and North America, with one of them at Universal Orlando Resort's Mardi Gras 2016.[1] A San Francisco date was announced on January 5, 2016.[2]
Giacomo Guerrini was an Italian painter of the late-Baroque period, active  mainly in his natal city of Cremona. Giacomo Guerrini was also the original name of Mino Guerrini, a twentieth century media figure.
Labadie is an unincorporated community in Franklin County, Missouri, United States. It is located approximately three miles north of Gray Summit.
"Phänomenal egal" [Phenomenally indifferent] is a song by Farin Urlaub. It's the fourth single and fourteenth track from his debut album Endlich Urlaub!. It's a love song, sung sarcastically as the narrator sings things like "Zwar gibt es keine schönere Frau auf der ganzen Welt für mich/Doch in Wirklichkeit lieb' ich dich nicht" (There's no prettier woman for me/But really I don't love you) and "Ich stehe zwar ab und zu einfach nur so vor deiner Tür/Doch im Prinzip will ich gar nichts von dir" (I stand time to time in front of your door/But really I don't want anything from you).
A nanodomain is a nanometer-sized cluster of proteins found in a cell membrane. They are associated with the signal which occurs when a single calcium ion channel opens on a cell membrane, allowing an influx of calcium ions (Ca2+) which extend in a plume a few tens of nanometres from the channel pore.[1] In a nanodomain, the coupling distance, that is, the distance between the calcium-binding proteins which sense the calcium, and the calcium channel, is very small, less than 100 nm (3.9×10−6 in), which allows rapid signalling.[2] The formation of a nanodomain signal is virtually instantaneous following the opening of the calcium channel, as calcium ions move rapidly into the cell along a steep concentration gradient.[3] The nanodomain signal collapses just as quickly when the calcium channel closes, as the ions rapidly diffuse away from the pore.[3] Formation of a nanodomain signal requires the influx of only approximately 1000 calcium ions.[4]
Tom Gallop is an American actor. He is best known for his performance as Tom Cronin in the Bourne film franchise[1][2] and for playing recurring character Rob in Will & Grace.[3][4]
Simone Hanselmann (born 6 December 1979) is a  German actress.
Methodist Episcopal Church of Butler is a historic former Methodist Episcopal church located at Butler Center in Wayne County, New York.  It is a rectangular, gable roofed frame building designed in a vernacular Greek Revival style and built about 1836.   It rests on a cobblestone foundation and is surmounted by an open belfry.  Also on the property is a cemetery (non-contributing), established in 1864.[2]
Heydarkhani (Persian: حيدرخاني, also Romanized as Ḩeydarkhānī) is a village in Khabar Rural District, in the Central District of Baft County, Kerman Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 68, in 16 families.[1]
Student loan deferment is an agreement between the student and lender that the student may reduce or postpone repayment of a student loan for a designated period.[1]  Deferment or forbearance[2] will prevent the loan from going into default, but may increase the overall cost of the loan.[3] Students may be eligible for deferment while experiencing financial hardship or unemployment.[4] The lender may require valid proof of financial hardship and other financial information when the student applies.[5]
The 2016–17 1. FC Nürnberg season is the 117th season in the club's football history.
Yokosuka Stadium is a baseball stadium in Japan, and the home ground of the Yokohama DeNA Baystars Eastern League affiliate.[1]  It was opened in 1949 as Oppama Park, and rebuilt in 1997.[2]
Stade Pierre Pibarot is a stadium in Alès, France.  It is currently used for football matches and is the home stadium of Olympique Alès.  The stadium holds 12,000 spectators.  It is named after Pierre Pibarot.



The state highways are arterial routes of a state, linking district headquarters and important towns within the state and connecting them with national highways or highways of the neighboring states.
Antanas Gaušas (24 December 1901 – 15 March 1964) was a Lithuanian military person, who became Colonel of the General Staff in 1937.[1][2][3][4]
Sava Temišvarac (Serbian Cyrillic: Сава Темишварац, "Sava of Timișoara"; fl. 1594–1612) was a Serb military commander (vojvoda) in the service of the Transylvania and then the Holy Roman Empire. He was active during the Long Turkish War, having led the Uprising in Banat (1594) and then joined the Transylvanian Army with other notable Serb leaders.
Richard Christian Wynne Fremantle[1](1 May 1936 – 13 November 2018)[2] was an American art historian.[3] The focus of most of his work is the early Florentine Renaissance, and in particular, the painter Masaccio.
The 2021 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University during the 2021 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Red Raiders play their home games at the Jones AT&T Stadium in Lubbock, Texas, and compete in the Big 12 Conference. With a 41–38 win over Iowa State on November 13, Texas Tech became bowl eligible for the first time since the 2017 season. The team finished the season with an overall record of 7–6 for the Red Raiders' first winning season since 2015.
Bugg Spring is a second magnitude spring near Okahumpka in Lake County, Florida.
The spring has a 400 feet wide pool with little vegetation which goes down to 170 to 175 feet. Its outflow runs north as Bugg Spring Run into the Helena Run from Lake Denham and into Lake Harris.[1]
Raul Morales, sometimes known as just "Rawl", has been one of San Pedro's most prolific drummers from the 1990s to present. He is currently the drummer for Killer Dreamer as well as Mike Watt of the Minutemen fame's current projects.[1][2]
The former Province of Turin (Italian: Provincia di Torino; Piedmontese: Provinsa ëd Turin; French: Province de Turin) was a province in the Piedmont region of Italy. Its capital was the city of Turin. The province existed until 31 December 2014, when it was replaced by the Metropolitan City of Turin.
Salt Flat is a ghost town in northeastern Hudspeth County, Texas, United States. It lies along the concurrent U.S. Routes 62 and 180 north of the Census-designated place (CDP) of Sierra Blanca, the county seat of Hudspeth County.[1] Its elevation is 3,730 feet (1,137 m).[2] Although Salt Flat is unincorporated, it has a ZIP Code of 79847.[3] The headquarters of the nearby Guadalupe Mountains National Park uses this ZIP Code although it is located closer to Pine Springs, which has no post office.
A Prehistoric Tale is a platform video game developed by The Lost Boys and published by Thalion Software. It was released for the Amiga and Atari ST in 1990.  
Milić Stanković (1934 – 2000), known by his artistic name Milić of Mačva (Serbian: Милић од Мачве, Milić od Mačve; 30 October 1934 – 8 December 2000), was a Serbian painter and artist often named Balkan's Dalí for his figurative surrealist paintings.
Patrick Lodewijks (born 21 February 1967) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper, and is the goalkeeping coach of the Netherlands national team.
Lisa Marie D'Amato (born October 22, 1980) is an American recording artist, fashion model and television personality from Los Angeles.[1] She first came into the public eye as a participant on Cycle 5 of the television series America's Next Top Model, placing sixth, and eventually went on to win Cycle 17: All Stars.


This is a list of Ugandan Twenty20 International cricketers.
The Saegheh is an Iranian anti-personnel RPG-7 warhead.[1] It was developed to extend the utility of the RPG-7 portable rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) in service with the Iranian forces.[2] It replaces the standard 30mm warhead with a
high-explosive 40mm warhead with prefragmented steel warhead body.[3]
James Archibald Meriwether (September 20, 1806 – April 18, 1852) was a United States Representative, jurist and lawyer from Georgia. His uncle was U.S. Representative James Meriwether.
Aline Friess (born 5 July 2003)[1] is a French artistic gymnast. She competed with the French teams at the 2019 World Championships and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Edward Maynard (1654–1740) was an English priest and antiquarian.
Abdul Rehman (Urdu: عبدالرحمٰن) is a Pakistani politician who is currently serving as a member of the Gilgit-Baltistan Council since 12 November 2021. He belongs to Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI).[1][2][3]
In the field of astrology, generational planets are planets that affect an entire generation of people. The generational planets are the outer planets Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto, and potentially Sedna and Quaoar.
Diver Dan is a series of 104 seven-minute live-action shorts made for children's television from 1960 to 1970.[1] Made by Brian Cartoons, it was syndicated (mainly to NBC affiliates)[2] and distributed by ITC Entertainment. The shows were sometimes re-edited into half-hour (including commercials) blocks by local stations.
FK Radnički Nova Pazova (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Раднички Нова Пазова) is a football club based in Nova Pazova, Vojvodina, Serbia. They compete in the Vojvodina League South, the fourth tier of the national league system.
A maneuvering board is an aid to navigation. It is typically a writing surface with a pre-printed compass rose of polar coordinates about a central point, often including adjacent linear scales, and sometimes a time/speed/distance nomogram.[1] With the aid of a marking device, dividers, and parallel rulers, the maneuvering board provides a template for graphical solution of relative motion problems.[2]
The IZh-43 (ИЖ-43) is a Soviet and Russian double-barreled shotgun.
The Herzog Mountains are a mountain range in Morobe Province, Papua New Guinea.  It contains the 1389 m Mount Herzog which lies about 22 km west of Lae.  Other mountains in the range include Garagos, Misantum, Shungol, Ngaroneno, and Sugarloaf.[1][2]
Gerhard VI (c. 1367–1404) was the Count of Holstein-Rendsburg from 1382, and Duke of Schleswig as of 1386.
Jaungulbene (German: Neu-Schwanenburg) is a village in Gulbene Municipality, Latvia.
Mercedes Jara Moreno (born 27 June 1963) is a Spanish doctor and politician. She is a member of the Congress of Deputies for the Vox party representing the Almeria constituency.
Pearl Falls is one of the highest waterfalls in Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. It is fed by the glacial Pearl Creek, occurring about halfway along the creek's course.[1]
Jeanne Camus de Pontcarré, marquise d’Urfé (1705–1775) was a French aristocrat and eccentric widow, with a passion for the occult and alchemy.[1] Rich and gullible, she is better known under the name Madame d’Urfé from the biographies of several adventurers of the 18th century, such as Cagliostro and Casanova.
Bent Åserud (born 5 April 1950) is a Norwegian musician and film score composer.[1]
Huangbian Station, called Shanglinzhen Station[1] during planning, is a metro station on Line 2 of the Guangzhou Metro. It is located at the underground of the south of Huangbian North Road[2] in the Baiyun District of Guangzhou.[3] The station started operation on 25 September, 2010.
Yakovlevo (Russian: Я́ковлево) is an urban-type settlement in Yakovlevsky District of Belgorod Oblast, Russia. Population: 2,675 (2021 Census);[1] 2,906 (2010 Census);[2] 2,596 (2002 Census);[3] 2,544 (1989 Census).[4]
Phipps Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada to the west of Emerald Bay and Lake Tahoe; and to the east of Rockbound Valley and the Crystal Range. The peak is  in El Dorado County, California and the Desolation Wilderness.
The Union Cabinet of India approved the National Data Sharing and Accessibility Policy (NDSAP) on 9 February 2012.[1][2] The objective of the policy is to facilitate access to Government of India owned shareable data and information in both human readable and machine readable forms.[1][2]
WTWA (1240 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Thomson, Georgia, United States.  The station is owned by Camellia City Communications, Inc. It airs an oldies music format.[1]
Nabil Medjahed (born 3 January 1977) is a French-born Algerian football manager.[1]
Tom Snyder (born 1949) is an American animator, writer and producer known for the Squigglevision animation technique. His first success with this method was Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist, starring Jonathan Katz.[1]
The Romanian Wolves (Romanian: Lupii României) is a professional Romanian rugby union team that competes annually in the Eastern Conference of the Rugby Europe Super Cup, alongside RC Batumi and The Black Lion of Georgia as well as Tel Aviv Heat of Israel.
Always (Korean: 오직 그대만; RR: Ohjik Geudaeman; MR: Ochik kŭtaeman; lit. Only You) is a 2011 South Korean drama film directed by Song Il-gon. Starring So Ji-sub and Han Hyo-joo in the lead roles, it is about a romance between an ex-boxer who has closed his heart to the world and a telemarketer who remains spirited despite slowly going blind.[2]
Joy Dorothy Coghill-Thorne, CM, (May 13, 1926 – January 20, 2017) was a Canadian actress, director, and writer.[1] Her obituary in The Vancouver Sun described her as having had "a seven-decade run at the top of the Vancouver theatre world."[2]
For other mountains with the same name, see Black Mountain. Should not be confused with Black Mountain, Union County, Georgia.
Israel was Patriarch of the Church of the East in 961.
The eighth and final season of the American comedy television series That '70s Show premiered November 2, 2005 on Fox in the United States. The season ended on May 18, 2006, with the series finale. 
The Federalist Society for Law and Public Policy Studies (FedSoc) is an American conservative and libertarian legal organization that advocates for a textualist and originalist interpretation of the U.S. Constitution.[4][5][6] Headquartered in Washington, D.C., it has chapters at more than 200 law schools and features student, lawyer, and faculty divisions; the lawyers division comprises more than 70,000 practicing attorneys in ninety cities.[1] Through speaking events, lectures, and other activities, it provides a forum for legal experts of opposing views to interact with members of the legal profession, the judiciary, and the legal academy.[7] It is one of the most influential legal organizations in the United States.[8][9]
The 173rd Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Philadelphia County and includes the following areas:[1]
Maung Hsu Shin (Burmese: ဆုရှင်), also spelt Maung Su Shin, born Myo Thant, was a prominent Burmese writer,[1] best known for his science works. He attended Myoma High School in Yangon.[2]
The 84th Line Infantry Regiment is an infantry unit of the French Army. It was heir of the Quercy Regiment and the 9th Light Regiment, created in 1684.
DN68A (Romanian: Drumul Național 68A) is a national road in Romania which links the Banat and Transylvania regions, between the municipality of Lugoj and the commune of Ilia, at 15 km (9.3 mi) from Deva, the seat of the Hunedoara County. It crosses the town of Făget and links two major national roads: DN6 and DN7.[1]
Exit-13 was an American grindcore band from Millersville, Pennsylvania. The band were formed in 1989 by Relapse Records founder and co-owner Bill Yurkiewicz (vocals), guitarist Steve O'Donnell and bassist Joel DiPietro.[1] Their early recordings, including the Disembowelling Party, The Unrequited Love of Chicken Soup and Eat More Crust demos (all 1989), their debut full-length Green Is Good (1990) and the EPs The Unrequited Love of Chicken Soup (1990) and Spare the Wrench, Surrender the Earth (1991) featured a line-up of Yurkiewicz, O'Donnell and DiPietro, with drum duties being shared between Bill Schaeffer and Pat McCahan.
William Ivey Long II (born August 30, 1947) is an American costume designer for stage and film.  His most notable work includes the Broadway shows The Producers, Hairspray, Nine, Crazy for You, Grey Gardens, Young Frankenstein, Cinderella, Bullets Over Broadway and On the Twentieth Century.
 Dogodouman  is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kati in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. The small commune is classified as rural commune but lies close to the western suburbs of Bamako, the Malian capital, at the edge of the Monts Mandigues. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 8,851.[1]
Act As If is an American indie rock quintet from Los Angeles, United States, led by singer/songwriter Peter Verdell.
Eskardin (Persian: اسكاردين, also Romanized as Eskārdīn)[1] is a village in Mehravan Rural District, in the Central District of Neka County, Mazandaran Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 95, in 29 families.[2]
The botet is a small instrument or bird call used in the Catalan region of Spain. It is used for calling quails into a trap, and made of a rabbit or pigeon bone.[1]
Bayside High School is a public high school located in Palm Bay, Florida, United States. It is part of the Brevard County School District.
Novačani is a small village located in the northern part of Veles Municipality in North Macedonia.
Annie Brisset, a member of the Royal Society of Canada,  is a Professor of Translation Studies and Discourse Theory at the School of Translation and Interpretation of the University of Ottawa, Canada.[1]
The 24th Academy of Country Music Awards ceremony was held on April 10, 1989, at Disney Studios, Burbank, California. it was hosted by Patrick Duffy, K.T. Oslin, and George Strait.
Dolopia[1] (Ancient Greek: Δολοπία) is a mountainous region[2] of Greece, located north of Aetolia.
Green Bay, Wisconsin
Milwaukee, Wisconsin
Sun Prairie, Wisconsin
"Teaser" is a single by American R&B singer George Benson, which entered the UK Singles Chart on 14 February 1987. It reached a peak position of number 45, and remained on the chart for 4 weeks.[1]
Samuel M. Stayman (May 28, 1909[citation needed] –  December 11, 1993)[1] was an American bridge player, writer, and administrator. He is best known for Stayman, one of the world's most popular bidding conventions; indeed, a day after writing his obituary Alan Truscott called him "the player best known in the world".[1][2]
Le Bahia is a high-rise residential building in Monaco.
Luka Zdenjak (born 20 January 1987) is a Croatian male badminton player.[1][2] In 2010, he became the runner-up at the Morocco International tournament in mixed doubles event partnered with Rajae Rochdy.[3] In 2011 he won the mixed doubles event and the runner-up in the men's singles event at the Ethiopia International tournament.[4]
Satna District is a district of Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The city of Satna is the district headquarters. The district has an area of 7,502 km², and a population of 22,28,935(2011 census), 20.63% of which is urban. The district has a population density of 249 persons per km².
Basufan (Arabic: باصوفان) (sometimes spelled Bassoûfâne, Bassoufane, Bosoufane, Bāşūfān) is an ancient village located in northwestern Syria. According to the Syria Central Bureau of Statistics (CBS), it had a population of 901 in the 2004 census.[1]
Long Gull Pond is a 7.0 kilometres (4 mi)-long lake located in the western part of the island of Newfoundland in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador.
An arrestor bed or arrester bed is an area of special material designed to stop a runaway vehicle.  Arrestor beds include:
The California Pelican was a college humor magazine founded in 1903 by Earle C. Anthony at the University of California, Berkeley. Lasting eighty years, it was the first successful student humor magazine in UC Berkeley, though it was preceded by Smiles in 1891 and Josh in 1895.[1] It is succeeded by the Heuristic Squelch, which is still running.
Eleanor of Navarre (Basque: Leonor and Spanish: Leonor) (2 February 1426 – 12 February 1479),[1] was a Navarrese princess and monarch. She served as the regent of Navarre from 1455 to 1479, during the absence of her father, and then briefly as the queen regnant of Navarre in 1479. She was crowned on 28 January 1479 in Tudela.[1]
Lager Heuberg (Camp Heuberg) (48°9′N 9°1′E﻿ / ﻿48.150°N 9.017°E﻿ / 48.150; 9.017) is a Bundeswehr quarters located in the southern corner of the Truppenübungsplatz Heuberg (Heuberg military training area) in (Baden-Württemberg), near the city of Stetten am kalten Markt.
Pine Ridge is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Citrus County, Florida, United States. The population was 9,598 at the 2010 census,[1] up from 5,490 in 2000.
The health action process approach (HAPA) is a psychological theory of health behavior change, developed by Ralf Schwarzer, Professor of Psychology at the Freie University Berlin of Berlin, Germany and SWPS University of Social Sciences and Humanities, Wroclaw, Poland, first published in 1992.[1]
The Caixa Económica de Cabo Verde is a Cape Verdean commercial bank. Its headquarters are at Avenida Cidade de Lisboa in Praia.[1] It was established in 1928 as Caixa Económica Postal. In 1985 it was transformed into an autonomous financial institution named Caixa Económica de Cabo Verde. In 1993 it became a limited liability company.[2]
Eugene Marvin Collins (January 7, 1925 – February 9, 1998) was an American professional baseball pitcher and outfielder in the Negro leagues, minor leagues and in the Mexican League. He played from 1947 to 1961 with several teams, including the Omaha Rockets.[1][2]
Mount Theodore (64°58′S 62°36′W﻿ / ﻿64.967°S 62.600°W﻿ / -64.967; -62.600) is a mountain 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Mount Inverleith on the south side of Bagshawe Glacier, near the west coast of Graham Land. Named by Scottish geologist David Ferguson who made a geological reconnaissance in this vicinity from the whale catcher Hanka in 1913.
The Chariot was a British manned torpedo used in World War II. The Chariot was inspired by the operations of Italian naval commandos, in particular the raid on 19 December 1941 by members of the Decima Flottiglia MAS who rode "Maiali" manned torpedoes into the port of Alexandria and there placed limpet mines on or near the battleships HMS Valiant and HMS Queen Elizabeth as well as an 8,000-ton tanker, causing serious damage which put both battleships out of operational use until 1943.[1]
La Encrucijada, or La Encrucijada de Turmero, is a strategic road junction near Turmero, Venezuela.  It is also planned to be a rail junction.
Valldalen (or sometimes just Valldal) is a valley in Fjord Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. It is located north of the Norddalsfjorden. The village of Sylte (which is also called Valldal) is located at the end of the valley along the fjord. The river Valldøla flows through the valley, and the Norwegian National Road 63 follows the river through the valley, on its way north to Trollstigen.[1]
Cristo Rey Church (transl. Christ the King) is a Roman Catholic parish church on Canyon Road in Santa Fe, New Mexico. It is one of the most notable buildings designed by influential Santa Fe architect John Gaw Meem[1] and is claimed by some sources to be the largest adobe building in the United States.[2] It is also notable for its historic altar screen, the Reredos of Our Lady of Light, which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places. The reredos was carved in 1761 and originally hung in La Castrense, a military chapel on the Santa Fe Plaza. It has been described as "one of the most extraordinary pieces of ecclesiastical art in the country".[3] The church was dedicated in 1940.
The Brochet MB.100 was a three-seat light aircraft developed in France in the early 1950s.
The Windy City Pace was a harness race for 3-year-old Standardbred pacing horses. It had been run annually from 1983 to 2015 at Maywood Park in Melrose Park, Illinois, a suburb of Chicago.

Gabriel Desjardins (born 14 February 1949 in Montreal, Quebec) was a Progressive Conservative member of the House of Commons of Canada. He was a businessman, professor and trader by career.
Sunny is a name. It can be a given name, a surname, and a nickname, especially from names such as: Sana, Sunil, Sundeep, Sunita, Shams or Suraj. Notable people with the name include:
Wilhelm Friedrich Loeper (13 October 1883 – 23 October 1935) was a German Nazi politician. He served as the Gauleiter in the Gau of Magdeburg-Anhalt and was the Reichsstatthalter of the Free States of Anhalt and Brunswick
Melvin B. "Mel" Bassi (November 14, 1926 – May 2, 2007) was an American lawyer, public official, and banker in Washington County, Pennsylvania.
Original Boardwalk Style is a live album from Trey Anastasio and the Undectet, released on June 10, 2008 on Anastasio’s own Rubber Jungle Records. It was recorded live on December 30 and 31, 2006, at the House of Blues in Atlantic City, New Jersey. These two shows were recorded shortly after Anastasio was arrested for drug possession earlier that month and were his final concerts before he began a drug rehabilitation program; Anastasio made a reference to the arrest during the song "Makisupa Policeman" during the December 31 show, but that song does not appear on the album.[1]
Ittihad Fkih Ben Salah is a Moroccan football club based in Fkih Ben Salah. The club plays in GNF 2 (Moroccan Second Division).
Texas Tower 5 was a planned Texas Tower that was to be located on Brown's Bank, 35 nautical miles (65 km; 40 mi) south of the coast of Nova Scotia in 84 feet (26 m) of water.[1] The 4604th Support Group was supposed to be located at Pease Air Force Base, New Hampshire. The United States Air Force approved the construction of Tower #5 on January 11, 1954, but the tower was never built because of improvements to radar over the area.
The Master of the Assisi Choirbooks was an Italian manuscript illuminator active during the last quarter of the thirteenth century.  Umbrian or Roman in origin, he is associated with work done for the Basilica of San Francesco d'Assisi; he seems to have known Cimabue's work for that church, and his work also indicates the influence of both the Master of the San Lorenzo Choirbooks and the Master of the Deruta-Salerno Missals.
Streatfeild or Streatfield is a surname originating from the name of a lost village near Robertsbridge, East Sussex.[1]
Kanzaki Station (神埼駅, Kanzaki-eki) is a railway station in Kanzaki, Saga Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by JR Kyushu and is on the Nagasaki Main Line.[1][2]
Nurcan Baysal (*1975) is a Kurdish journalist from Turkey, based Diyarbakır.[1] In 2018 she was named Global Laureate for Human Rights Defenders at Risk by Front Line Defenders, an Irish human rights NGO.
Saiddhantika
Adriana Caputi Bianco (born 1941), known professionally as Adrianita, is an Argentine actress. She starred in films such as Tulio Demicheli's La melodía perdida (1952) opposite César Fiaschi and Santiago Gómez Cou,[1] Román Viñoly Barreto's La niña del gato (1953) opposite Adolfo Stray,[2]  and Enrique Carreras's Mi marido hoy duerme en casa (1955) and El primer beso (1957).[3] For her performance in La niña del gato the Argentine Film Critics Association awarded her the Silver Condor Award for Best Supporting Actress[citation needed] and she became a star.  In 2004 the Argentine Film Critics Association awarded her with the Silver Condor lifetime achievement award. She lives in Miami.[4]
 Khaled Hadi  (born 1 February 1962) is a former Iraqi football midfielder who played for Iraq in the 1985 Pan Arab Games.
PP-105 Faisalabad-IX (پی پی-105، فیصل آباد-9) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab.[1][2]
The structure for the 2015 Rugby Football League reintroduced promotion and relegation between Super League and the Championship which will both include 12 teams each.
Trevor Little is an Australian former professional tennis player.
The Togakushi Shrine (戸隠神社, Togakushi Jinja) is a Shinto shrine in Togakushi, Nagano (city), Nagano Prefecture, Japan. The shrine is at the base of Mount Togakushi (1,904 metres (6,247 ft)) in Myōkō-Togakushi Renzan National Park.[1] Togakushi Shrine consists of five shrines, known as the lower, middle, and upper shrine area (Togakushi Hōkō-sha, Hino-miko-sha, Togakushi Chū-sha, Togakushi Oku-sha and Kuzuryu-sha respectively), each area about 2 km apart.
Bendje is a department of Ogooué-Maritime Province in western Gabon. The capital lies at Port-Gentil. It had a population of 140,747 in 2013.[1]
Adriano Tilgher (born 1 October 1947 in Taranto) is an Italian far-right politician.
The 1984–85 Detroit Red Wings season was the Red Wings' 53rd season, the franchise's 59th.
Xue Ji (Chinese: 薛稷; 649 – July 29, 713[1]), courtesy name Sitong (嗣通), was a Chinese calligrapher, painter, and politician of the Tang dynasty, briefly serving as chancellor during the reign of Emperor Ruizong. He was considered one of the four greatest calligraphers of early Tang, along with Yu Shinan, Ouyang Xun, and Chu Suiliang.[2]
The Battle of Cumae is the name given to at least two battles between Cumae and the Etruscans:
The 2012 Danish Figure Skating Championships (Danish: Danske Mesterskaber 2012) was held in Hvidovre from December 1 through 4, 2011. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies' singles, pairs skating, and ice dancing on the levels of senior, junior, novice, and the pre-novice levels of debs, springs, and cubs. The results were used to choose the teams to the 2012 World Championships, the 2012 European Championships, the 2012 Nordic Championships, and the 2012 World Junior Championships.
The first municipal election in Norfolk County, Ontario, Canada in the year 2000 was the first one as a single-tier municipality.
Henry Williamson Pell (c. 1881 – August 22, 1949) was an American football player and banker. He was the captain of the Princeton Tigers football teams in 1900 and 1901. He worked for the United States Trust Company for 37 years and served as its president and chairman.
The Augmented Satellite Launch Vehicle or Advanced Satellite Launch Vehicle (also known as ASLV) was a small-lift launch vehicle five-stage solid-fuel rocket developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) to place 150 kg satellites into LEO.[1] This project was started by India during the early 1980s to develop technologies needed for a payload to be placed into a geostationary orbit.[2][3]  Its design was based on Satellite Launch Vehicle.[4] ISRO did not have sufficient funds for both the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle programme and the ASLV programme at the same time and the ASLV programme was terminated after the initial developmental flights.[2] The payloads of ASLV were Stretched Rohini Satellites.[4]
The Kalmar Bloodbath (Swedish: Kalmar blodbad), sometimes described as the First Kalmar Bloodbath to distinguish it from a later massacre in the same location, was a politically-motivated mass execution that was carried out in Kalmar, Sweden, on July 2, 1505, immediately after a conviction of treason and a sentence of death had been pronounced against participants in the Swedish Uprising against the Danish ruler, King Hans.[1]
Palemon Howard Dorsett (1862–1943) was an American horticulturalist employed by the USDA. Born April 21, 1862, in Carlinville, Macoupin County, Illinois, he gained a BA from the University of Missouri in 1884, and joined the USDA Section of Plant Pathology seven years later. He left the USDA in 1907 to found his own horticultural business in Alexandria, Virginia, but rejoined the Department in 1909. In 1913 Dorsett began his first foreign expedition, to Brazil, with Archibald Dixon Shamel and Wilson Popenoe. Later expeditions took him to Panama, Manchuria, Ceylon (Sri Lanka). His trip to East Asia in 1924-1927 with his son, Jim, was his most important in terms of soybean germplasm collected. His agricultural exploration work culminated in the 1928-1931 Dorsett-Morse Agricultural Exploration Expedition to Japan, Korea, and China.[1] Returning to the US in 1932, he retired from the USDA, but joined the Allison Vincent Armour agricultural expedition to the British West Indies and Guianas the same year.  In 1936 he was awarded the 13th Frank N. Meyer Medal by the Council of the American Genetic Association for "distinguished actions related to the collection, preservation, or utilization of germplasm resources".
Yobe Station (余部駅, Yobe-eki)  is a passenger railway station located in the city of Himeji, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan, operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).[1][2]
Adam Okruashvili (Georgian: ადამ ოქრუაშვილი; born 1 January 1989 in Tbilisi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union) is a Georgian judoka.[1]
Painted is the debut studio album by American singer Lucky Daye. It was released on May 24, 2019, by Keep Cool Records and RCA Records.[1] The album was broken up into two EP's, a part of a series to lead up to his debut album.[2][3]
The 2008 Coupe Internationale de Nice (English: 2008 International Cup of Nice) was the 13th edition of an annual international figure skating competition held in Nice, France. It was held between October 15 and 19, 2008. Skaters competed in the disciplines of men's singles, ladies singles, and pair skating on the levels of senior, junior, and novice.
Plopsaqua is a chain of waterparks in Belgium, owned and operated by Plopsa. It currently consists of two waterparks: Plopsaqua Hannut-Landen and Plopsaqua De Panne.
Saint-Pierre-des-Fleurs (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ pjɛʁ de flœʁ]) is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The American Issues Project is a political action group organized as a 501(c)(4) nonprofit, so that it can engage in limited amounts of civic campaigning, but cannot legally advocate for or against candidates.[1] 
During the 2008 United States presidential election, it became known for commercials linking Barack Obama to former Weather Underground founder William Ayers.[2] The group has received substantial media attention.[3][4] After Obama came into office, the group concentrated on the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.[5]
The European Neural Network Society (ENNS) is an association of scientists, engineers, students, and others seeking to learn about and advance understanding of artificial neural networks. Specific areas of interest in this scientific field include modelling of behavioral and brain processes, development of neural algorithms and applying neural modelling concepts to problems relevant in many different domains. Erkki Oja and John G. Taylor are past ENNS presidents and honorary executive board members. As of 2018[update] its president is Věra Kůrková.[1]
Balneário Rincão is a municipality in the state of Santa Catarina in the South region of Brazil. The municipality was established in January 2013.[2][3]
Rival Schools is an American post-hardcore band from New York City, New York. For most of their tenure, the band has featured Walter Schreifels on vocals and guitar, Ian Love on guitar, Cache Tolman on bass guitar, and Sam Siegler on drums.
Henderson was a town in Mason County, West Virginia, United States, at the confluence of the Ohio and Kanawha Rivers. The population was 231 at the 2020 census.[2] It is part of the Point Pleasant, WV–OH Micropolitan Statistical Area. The town was incorporated in 1893 and named for Samuel Bruce Henderson, who owned the townsite at the time.[5] The town was unincorporated following a public hearing on August 11, 2022.[6]
The Minister for Business, Industry and Innovation[1] (Swedish: Näringsminister) is a cabinet minister within the Swedish government and appointed by the Prime Minister of Sweden.[2] The cabinet minister is head of the Ministry of Enterprise and Innovation. The current minister for business, industry and innovation is Ebba Busch from the Christian Democrats, who has held the office since 18 October 2022.
Asteroid homolog 1 (Drosophila) is a protein that in humans is encoded by the ASTE1 gene.[1] The gene is also known as HT001.[1]
K. M. K. Banda was a Sri Lankan politician. He was the member of Parliament of Sri Lanka from Laggala representing the Sri Lanka Freedom Party.[1]
Li Zhongchen (Chinese: 李忠臣) (716 – July 8, 784[1]), né Dong Qin (董秦), was a general of the Chinese Tang dynasty. He was known as both a supporter of the imperial cause but also a corrupt and violent military governor (Jiedushi).  He was later expelled by his own army and, because of his service to imperial causes, kept by Emperor Daizong and Emperor Dezong as an official at the Tang capital Chang'an.  In 783, he joined Zhu Ci's rebel Qin state, and after Zhu's defeat in 784 was captured and executed.
Public School No. 19, also known as St. Hedwig's High School, is a historic elementary school building located at Wilmington, New Castle County, Delaware. It was built in 1881, and is a two-story, cruciform-shaped brick building in the Italianate style.  It has a low hipped roof and a heavy wood pediment is trimmed with elongated dentils and bracketed cornice returns.  It operated as a public school until leased to St. Hedwig's Roman Catholic Church for use as a Catholic high school. St. Hedwig's High School closed in the 1970s and the building converted to offices.[2]
Neochori (Greek: Νεοχώρι meaning "new village") is a village and a community in the southeastern part of the island of Corfu, Greece. It is located in the municipal unit of Lefkimmi. In 2011 its population was 182 for the village and 1,443 for the community. Neochori is located east-southeast of the city of Corfu. It is situated between low hills.
The Fairchild Model 24, also called the Fairchild Model 24 Argus and UC-61 Forwarder, is a four-seat, single-engine monoplane light transport aircraft designed by the Fairchild Aviation Corporation in the 1930s. It was adopted by the United States Army Air Corps as UC-61 and also by the Royal Air Force. The Model 24 was itself a development of previous Fairchild models and became a successful civil and military utility aircraft.

Maria Hayward is an English historian of costume and early modern Britain.
Pleasant Tackitt (or Tackett; April 22, 1803 – February 7, 1886) (sometimes rendered as James Pleasant, but no official documents support this name) was a 19th-century politician, pioneer Methodist minister, stockman, teacher, farmer, Indian fighter, and Confederate officer.  Tackitt was a key figure in the history of Arkansas and North Texas, including a state representative in the Arkansas General Assembly. Because of his battles with Indians in Texas, Tackitt became known as "the Fighting Parson".
Villeneuve-la-Comtesse (French pronunciation: ​[vilnœv la kɔ̃tɛs]) is a commune in the Charente-Maritime department in southwestern France.
Kuya is a multi-platinum award-winning Canadian hip hop, R&B and pop production duo from Toronto, Ontario, consisting of Samuel T. Gerongco and Robert T. Gerongco (both sometimes credited without the "T.").
Yann Kerr is an electrical engineer with the Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales (CNES) in Toulouse, France. He was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2013[1] for his contributions to two-dimensional L-band microwave interferometer design.
In graph theory, a branch of mathematics, an undirected graph is called an asymmetric graph if it has no nontrivial symmetries.
Namibia competed at the 2019 African Games held from 19 to 31 August 2019 in Rabat, Morocco. Early on 56 athletes were scheduled to represent Namibia in 10 sports.[1] This later grew to 68 athletes in 13 sports.[a] In total two gold medals, two silver medals and four bronze medals were won and the country finished in 16th place in the medal table, shared with Angola. Most medals were won in cycling.
Prucheńsko Duże [pruˈxɛɲskɔ ˈduʐɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Mniszków, within Opoczno County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1]
Kaido Ole (born 23 February 1963) is an Estonian painter.[1]
The Chiquibul Cave System is one of the largest and best-known cave systems in Central America.  It consists of four distinct caves along the course of the Chiquibul River; Actun Kabal, Actun Tun Kul (Tunkul) and Cebada Cave in Belize, and Xibalba in Guatemala, as well as several other smaller associated caves.  Included within the cave system are two of the largest caverns in the world.
The Medical University of Lublin dates back to 1944 in Lublin, Poland. The university gained its autonomy in 1950. Over the years, new departments were added such as the Department of Dentistry in 1973.
The year 2018 was the 8th year in the history of the Fight Nights Global, a mixed martial arts promotion based in Russia. The company continues broadcasts through Match TV, Fight Network and is looking for a new US-based platform since the contract with UFC Fight Pass has been terminated.

Diana Doherty is an Australian oboist, currently Principal Oboe with the Sydney Symphony Orchestra.[1]
Untold Tales (full title: Untold Tales - Rare and Previously Unreleased Studio and Live Recordings from 1993-2017) is a compilation album by American progressive rock band Glass Hammer, released on October 20, 2017 to celebrate the band's 25th anniversary. It features previously unreleased or hard to find recordings originating from the early 90s to 2017, and as such features both current and former members of Glass Hammer.[1][2][3] It is also the last release of the band with guitarist Kamran Alan Shikoh as band member.
Iron overload or haemochromatosis (also spelled hemochromatosis in American English) indicates increased total accumulation of iron in the body from any cause and resulting organ damage.[1] The most important causes are hereditary haemochromatosis (HH or HHC), a genetic disorder, and transfusional iron overload, which can result from repeated blood transfusions.[2]


This is the filmography of Major Sundarrajan, an Indian actor and director who worked primarily in Tamil films.
Darinka Simic-Mitrovic (born February 19, 1937) is a Serbian author, composer[1][2] and music educator.[3]
Werewolf Woman (Italian: La lupa mannara) is a 1976 Italian horror film directed by Rino Di Silvestro.[2][3]
Innocenzo Donina (Italian pronunciation: [innoˈtʃɛntso ˈdoniːna]; 16 July 1950 – 19 March 2020) was an Italian professional footballer.
 The Mooring (Spanish: El amarre) is a 2021 Mexican horror film directed by Tamae Garateguy and produced by Lemon Films under the banner Lemonster. The film's main plot follows Julieta a young woman who after casting a love spell under a co-worker she involuntarily unleashes the dark side of her recent boyfriend.[1] The film was distributed mainly as a streaming movie due to COVID-19 restrictions on Mexico, which lead to the film being acquired by Amazon Prime Video. Sterilized by Vadhir Derbez and Sofia Espinoza, the movie became one of the most-watched films in the streaming on Mexico during its weekend premiere.[2]
Tanwīr al-Miqbās min Tafsīr ibn ʿAbbās (Arabic: تنوير المقباس من تفسير بن عباس) is a tafsir, attributed to Abd-Allah ibn Abbas, but which contains much atypical content for a tafsir of the sahabah.[1] It is said to have been collected by Abu Tahir Muhammad ibn Yaqub al-Fayruz Aabadi (1329–1414).[2]
Aminul Haque (4 April 1931 – 13 July 1995) was a Bangladeshi lawyer. He server as the Attorney General of Bangladesh.[1] He was married to Farida Akhter (d. 2007), a faculty member at Jagannath University.[2] He was the eldest brother of Seargent Zahurul Haq who was accused in the Agartala Conspiracy Case and killed by the Pakistan military at Dhaka Cantonment in 1969.[1]
Mattia Notari (born 20 May 1979) is an Italian football player who plays as a centre back. He played for Lierse SK from Belgium. He signed a contract at Mantova F.C. after leaving Novara Calcio.
Johan Brunström and Andreas Siljeström were the defending champions but lost in the quarterfinals to Marin and Tomislav Draganja.
Four Ways to Scream Your Name is the second EP by the Welsh post-hardcore band Funeral for a Friend. It was released on 21 April 2003, through Mighty Atom Records in the United Kingdom. It is currently out of print and highly sought after by fans of the band. This EP was released on both CD and 7" vinyl. Each version was limited to 1000 copies.[citation needed] The vinyl edition is thought by many fans to be more valued than the CD due to its aesthetic quality: it is a double red gatefold vinyl. All of the tracks, excluding "She Drove Me to Daytime Television", were included on the band's 2003 US EP, Seven Ways to Scream Your Name.
Vrienden van het Platteland (UCI Code: VVP) was a Dutch UCI women's road cycling team that existed in the 2000–2008 road cycling seasons.[1][2][3][4][5]
Ji-young, also spelled Jee-young, Ji-yeong, or Chi-young, is a Korean feminine given name. The meaning differs based on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name. There are 61 hanja with the reading "ji" and 44 hanja with the reading "young" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be registered for use in given names.[1][2] It was the most popular name for baby girls born in South Korea in 1970, falling to third place in 1980 and tenth place in 1990.[3]
Kacie McDonnell (Born July 30, 1990) is a Fox News Talent mostly on Fox Business as host of Mansion Global.[1] Her first assignment was hosting the red carpet in the Patriot Awards in 2019.
Elaine Sandra Byers FRSC (born November 9, 1951) is a Canadian psychologist, sex researcher, educator and therapist. As a faculty member of psychology at the University of New Brunswick, she established the Muriel McQueen Fergusson Centre for Family Violence.
Edward J. Hughes (July 26, 1888 – June 28, 1944) was an American politician.
Ilistvere is a village in Vinni Parish, Lääne-Viru County, in northeastern Estonia.[1] Between 1992 and 2017 (until the administrative reform of Estonian municipalities) the village was located in Laekvere Parish.
Catamount Mountain is a 1,814-foot-tall (553 m) mountain in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is located southeast of South Colton in St. Lawrence County. In 1917, a 35-foot-tall (11 m) steel fire lookout tower was built on the mountain. The tower ceased fire lookout operations and was later removed in the early 1980s.
Leon Gray, also known as Hot Dollar (born Leon Gray) is a rapper[1] born in Chicago, Illinois, raised in Hattisburg, Mississippi and based in Compton, California.[2] He's best known for his 2007 single "Two Steppin' (Streets on Lock)", which samples Tupac's "All Eyes On Me".[3] Rick Ross and Gucci Mane appear on a remix of the track.
WVNP is a public radio formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Wheeling, West Virginia, United States, serving the Northern Panhandle of West Virginia and the Upper Ohio River Valley.[1]  WVNP is owned and operated by West Virginia Educational Broadcasting Authority.[2]
Nick Brooke (born December 26, 1968) is an American composer, musician, arranger, thereminist, instrument builder, and researcher of early musical automata. He was born in Manchester, New Hampshire.
James Scott Mayer (born September 23, 1955) is the fifth and current Bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Northwest Texas in The Episcopal Church. He was elected after two ballots in an electing convention at St. Paul's on the Plains Church in Lubbock, Texas on November 22, 2008, and was consecrated as Bishop of Northwest Texas on March 21, 2009.  Prior to his election as Bishop of Northwest Texas, Mayer served as Rector of the Church of the Heavenly Rest in Abilene, Texas.
Muranum, was an ancient town of the interior of Lucania, the name of which is not found in any ancient author; but its existence is proved by the Itinerary of Antoninus, which places a station "Summurano", evidently a corruption of "Sub Murano", on the road from Nerulum to Consentia (modern Cosenza); and this is confirmed by the inscription found at La Polla (ancient Forum Popilii), which gives the distance from that place to Muranum at 74 M.P. It is, therefore, evident that Muranum must have occupied the same site as the modern town of Morano Calabro (in the Province of Cosenza, Calabria, Italy), on a considerable hill, at the foot of which still runs the high road from Naples to Reggio di Calabria, and where was situated the station noticed in the Itinerary. Near it are the sources of the river Coscile, the ancient Sybaris. (Itin. Ant. pp. 105, 110; Orell. Inscr. 3308; Romanelli, vol. i. p. 387.)
Mestranol/norethisterone (brand names Norethin, Noriday, Norinyl, Norquen, Ortho-Novum, others) is a combination of the estrogen ethinylestradiol and the progestin norethisterone (norethindrone) which was introduced in 1963 and was the second combined oral contraceptive to be marketed, following mestranol/noretynodrel in 1960.[1] Although most mestranol-containing oral contraceptive formulations have been discontinued, the combination remains available today in the United States in a single formulation under the brand name Norinyl 1+50 28-Day.[2] It has largely been superseded by ethinylestradiol/norethisterone, which has been marketed under many of the same brand names.[3][4]
Cashmere (French: cachemire) is an oil painting by the American artist John Singer Sargent, currently in a private collection. It was completed in c.1908. The dimensions of the painting are 71.1 by 109.2 centimeters (28.0 in × 43.0 in).
Nikola Gigov (Bulgarian: Никола Гигов; 10 November 1937 – 3 December 2016) was a Bulgarian poet and writer who won several national and international awards. In his later years, he lived and worked in the town of Smolyan, Bulgaria.[1]
Arnold Paul Krammer (15 August 1941 – 24 September 2018)[2] was an American historian who specialized in German and United States history and a professor in the College of Liberal Arts at Texas A&M University in College Station, Texas. He was twice a Fulbright scholar: between 1992–1993, he studied at the University of Tübingen[3] and, between 2002–2003, he studied at the University of Jena.[4]
Turkey competed at the 2011 Summer Universiade in Shenzhen, Guangdong, China from 12 August to 23 August 2011. A total of 81 athletes were a part of the Turkish team competing in eight sports branches.
Çayeli District is a district of the Rize Province of Turkey. Its seat is the town of Çayeli.[1] Its area is 442 km2,[2] and its population is 43,478 (2021).[3]
Shelley Lake is a small lake located entirely in the city of Spokane Valley, in the U.S. state of Washington. The lake is surrounded on three sides by the 248 lot gated community of Shelley Lake Estates.[1] The lake is kept full by Saltese Creek, which is supplied by drainage canals from the Saltese Flats.[2] Although an open lake, there are no above-ground outflows.
Steve Phipps is an American football coach.  He was the head football coach at McPherson College in McPherson, Kansas, serving for two seasons, from 1984 to 1985, and compiling a record of 2–16.[1]
The 1984–85 USC Trojans men's basketball team represented the University of Southern California during the 1984–85 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Led by head coach Stan Morrison, they played their home games at the L. A. Sports Arena in Los Angeles, California as members of the Pac-10 Conference. The Trojans were 13–5 in the Pac-10 and, after falling to Oregon State at home in the regular season finale,[2] shared the conference championship with Washington.[3] USC received a bid to the NCAA tournament as No. 8 seed in the Midwest region where they fell to Illinois State in the opening round.
Terry James Lubinsky is an American television, radio and digital media host. He is also creator/executive producer/director of many Public Broadcasting Service (PBS) pledge-drive programs. He presents oldies-format music programs airing on PBS.
Edward Paul Hernández (born October 17, 1957) is an American politician who previously served in the California State Senate. A Democrat, he represented the 24th Senate district from 2010 until he was redistricted to the 22nd Senate district, which he would represent until 2018.
Vijay Singh Gurjar was from Kunja Bahadurpur. 
Sociedad Deportiva Compostela is a Spanish football team based in Santiago de Compostela, in the autonomous community of Galicia. They play home matches at Estadio Multiusos de San Lázaro, and compete in Segunda División RFEF, the fourth tier of the football league pyramid in Spain.
Mondo Magneto is the debut studio Rock album by Brian Ray, released on October 16, 2006 through his independent record label Whooray Records.
Clément Gosselin (June 12, 1747 – March 9, 1816) was a French Canadian soldier who served in Moses Hazen's 2nd Canadian Regiment of the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War.  He recruited other French Canadians, assisted in American operations during and after the Battle of Quebec, and, following the American retreat from Quebec in 1776, continued to serve in Hazen's regiment.  Included in that service were spy missions to the province of Quebec.
The Latin expression Pro captu lectoris habent sua fata libelli (literally, "According to the capabilities of the reader, books have their destiny"),  is verse 1286 of De litteris, De syllabis, De Metris by Terentianus Maurus. Libelli is the plural of the Latin word libellus, which is a diminutive of liber ("book"), suggesting the qualification ("little books ...") was actually meant but in fact libellus was used to mean tracts, pamphlets etc.
Erika Langley (born 1967) is an American photojournalist and writer.
Dinara Safina was the defending champion, but she chose not to participate.
In Canada, the Edmund Burke Society was a far-right organization formed by Paul Fromm, Don Andrews, and Leigh Smith in 1967 at the University of Toronto.[1] The group presented a front of being anti-communist and promoting traditionalist values in order to recruit members into its real agenda.[citation needed] Its members soon became involved in violent confrontations with anti-war groups and leftists in Toronto.
The Ministry of Fluxus (Lithuanian: Fluxus ministerija) is an inclusive, publicly accessible art project in Lithuania.
Mleczków [ˈmlɛt͡ʂkuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zakrzew, within Radom County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of Zakrzew, 9 km (6 mi) north-west of Radom, and 87 km (54 mi) south of Warsaw.
Ola Brynhildsen (born 27 April 1999) is a Norwegian professional footballer who plays as midfielder for Eliteserien club Molde FK.[3]
The former Diocese of Odense (Danish: Odense Stift) was a Roman Catholic diocese in Denmark which included the islands of Funen, Langeland, Tåsinge, Lolland, Falster, Als, and Ærø. Its episcopal see was located in Odense at St. Canute's Cathedral.
Gwadar Bay (Urdu: خلیج گوادر) is located in the Gulf of Oman on the maritime border of Pakistan and Iran. The name is from Persian, Khalij-e Gavader or "Gulf of Gwadar" on the Arabian Sea. It is an inlet of the Arabian Sea indenting the sandy Makran coast at the Iran–Pakistan border. It is about 30 kilometres (20 mi) long and 16 kilometres (10 mi) wide. The Dashtiari River flows into it from the northwest, and the Dasht River from the northeast. The town of Jiwani is located on the eastern end of the Gwadar Bay. The port city of Gwadar lies about 50 kilometres (30 mi) to the east, while the sister port city of Chabahar is located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) to the west of the Gwadar Bay.
SK Tatran Poštorná was a football club from Poštorná in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic. The club played in the Czech 2. Liga, most recently in the 1999–2000 season.
Angel Kyodo williams (born December 2, 1969) is an American writer, activist, ordained Zen priest[1] and the author of Being Black: Zen and the Art of Living with Fearlessness and Grace, published by Viking Press in 2000, and the co-author of Radical Dharma: Talking Race, Love, and Liberation, published by North Atlantic Books. Called "the most vocal and most intriguing African-American Buddhist in America" by Library Journal,[2] Williams is the Spiritual Director of the meditation-based newDharma Community and founder of the Center for Transformative Change in Berkeley, California[3] and is also credited with developing fearlessMeditation, fearlessYoga and Warrior Spirit Training. As of October 2013, she is the world's 2nd female Zen teacher of African descent.[4] Her given Buddhist name, Kyodo, means "Way of Teaching."[5]
In Classical times Pieria was the southern area of the Amanus Mountains, a part of the province of Roman Syria. Cities included Seleucia Pieria and Pinara. Today it is part of Turkey.
By-elections to the 2nd State Duma of the Russian Federation were held to fill vacant seats in the State Duma between the 1995 election and the 1999 election.
Camp Petenwell was a Civilian Conservation Corps (CCC) camp that was in operation from July 1933 until November 1941.[1] This camp was located four miles east of Necedah, Wisconsin.  The six acres of land that this camp occupied is now currently covered by the waters of the Petenwell Flowage. Camp Petenwell was operated by the 1602nd Company of the Sixth Civilian Conservation Corps district headquartered in Sparta, Wisconsin.
Huang Kaizhou (; born 13 May 2002) is a Chinese footballer currently playing as a forward for Guangzhou.

Steve Konopka (born May 12, 1976) is a former tight end/defensive tackle in the Arena Football League. He played most recently for the Utah Blaze 1999 New York Giants NFL defensive tackle.
Meriam bint Abdullah Al-Khalifa (born 1980) is a member of the Bahraini Royal House of Al-Khalifa. She is best known for fleeing her family and native Bahrain to the United States to elope with US Marine Lance Corporal Jason Johnson, who was, at the time, stationed in Bahrain as part of a counter-terrorism unit providing security for expatriate Americans. After she was smuggled into the United States with help from Lance Corporal Johnson and being threatened with deportation by United States Customs, she was permitted to stay and apply for asylum, claiming that she feared honor violence by her family in retaliation for fleeing her country and entertaining a romantic relationship with a non-Muslim. Her story was featured heavily in the American press, including The Oprah Winfrey Show, and was turned into a television movie.
The Admiral Theatre in Chicago, Illinois opened in 1927 as a vaudeville house. it was designed by Gallup and Joy and acquired by the Balaban and Katz circuit. The Admiral closed sometime in the late 1950s, and remained shuttered for many years until opening in 1969 as an all-cartoon venue. Unable to draw the crowds necessary to remain open, the Admiral closed again. In the early 1970s, the Admiral was opened as an adult movie house. After receiving a facelift in the 1980s, the Admiral continues to thrive as an adult venue and strip club. While the interior has been drastically altered, the facade is in remarkably good shape.
Three Muslim sages: Avicenna, Suhrawardī, Ibn Arabī is a 1964 book by the Iranian philosopher Seyyed Hossein Nasr.[1][2][3][4][5]
Motza Illit (Hebrew: מוֹצָא עִלִּית, מוצא עילית, lit. 'Upper Motza') is a community settlement in central Israel. Located on a picturesque slope overlooking the Jerusalem Mountains, Ein Karem, the Motza Valley and Jerusalem, it falls under the jurisdiction of Mateh Yehuda Regional Council. In 2021 it had a population of 1,524 residents.[1]
Brian James (born in Taylorville, Illinois in 1956) is an American basketball coach currently serving as an assistant coach of the Northwestern University. He previously served as an assistant coach for the Philadelphia 76ers (2010–2013) and Milwaukee Bucks (2005–2007).
Kaarst (German pronunciation: [ˈkaːɐ̯st]; Limburgish: Kaasj) is a town in Germany. It lies in the district of Rhein-Kreis Neuss in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is 5 km west of Neuss and 12 km east of Mönchengladbach.
Spencer LeVan Kimball (August 26, 1918 – October 26, 2003)[1] was an American lawyer and professor at the University of Utah, the University of Michigan Law School and the University of Chicago.
Trans World Airlines (TWA) Flight 159 was a regularly scheduled passenger flight from New York City to Los Angeles, California, with a stopover in Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky International Airport, Kentucky, that crashed after an aborted takeoff from Cincinnati on 6 November 1967. The Boeing 707 attempted to abort takeoff when the copilot became concerned that the aircraft had collided with a disabled DC-9 on the runway. The aircraft overran the runway, struck an embankment and caught fire. One passenger died as a result of the accident.
The 2018 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship final was a hurling match that was played on 26 August 2018 to determine the winners of the 2018 All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship, the 55th season of the All-Ireland Under-21 Hurling Championship, a tournament organised by the Gaelic Athletic Association for the champion and runner-up teams of Leinster and Munster. The final was played at the Gaelic Grounds in Limerick and contested by Cork and Tipperary, who both represent the province of Munster.[1]
[2][3]
Drahlín is a municipality and village in Příbram District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants.
Gianni Giudici (born 10 March 1946) is an Italian racing driver from Abbiategrasso, in the Province of Milan.[1]
The Hardest Way is an album by the American garage punk band The Original Sins.[3] It was released in 1989 by Psonik Records.[4]
Zvoleněves is a municipality and village in Kladno District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 900 inhabitants.
Pan de Peace! (パンでPeace!, Pan de Pīsu, lit. "Peace Through Bread!") was a Japanese four-panel manga series written and illustrated by Emily. It had been serialized in Media Factory's Comic Cune magazine since August 2014 and the chapters have collected into five tankōbon volumes. An anime television series adaptation by Asahi Production aired in Japan from April to June 2016.
Gojsovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Гојсовац) is a village in the municipality of Bijeljina, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Woodlawn National Cemetery is a United States National Cemetery within Woodlawn Cemetery, which is in the city of Elmira, in Chemung County, New York. Administered by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs, it encompasses 10.5 acres (4.2 ha), and as of 2021, had over 11,000 interred remains.
Christian Bégin (born March 16, 1963 in Montreal, Quebec) is a Canadian actor, who won the Prix Iris for Best Actor at the 20th Quebec Cinema Awards in 2018 for his performance in Infiltration (Le problème d'infiltration).[1]
Agallis (Ancient Greek: Ἀγαλλίς; called Anagallis Ancient Greek: Ἀναγαλλίς by the Suda) of Corcyra was a female grammarian who wrote about Homer.  She, or her father, was a student of Aristophanes of Byzantium.[1][2]
"Winter Dreams" is a short story by F. Scott Fitzgerald that was first published in Metropolitan magazine in December 1922 and later collected in All the Sad Young Men in 1926.[1][2] The plot concerns the attempts by a young man to win the affections of an upper-class woman. The story, frequently anthologized,[1] is regarded as one of Fitzgerald's finest works "for poignantly portraying the loss of youthful illusions."[3]
Bjäresjö Church (Swedish: Bjäresjö kyrka) is a medieval church in Bjäresjö [sv], in the province of Skåne, Sweden. The church contains several medieval mural paintings as well as a richly decorated Romanesque baptismal font. 
Samuel Daniel McDearmon (1815–1871), also known as Samuel D. McDearmon, was a Confederate army officer during the American Civil War.[1] He held a number of political and government offices, and played a significant role in the development of Appomattox and Appomattox Court House, Virginia.
KODI (1400 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Cody, Wyoming, United States, the station is currently owned by the Big Horn Radio Network, a division of Legend Communications of Wyoming, LLC, and features programming from AP Radio, Fox Sports Radio and Westwood One News.[1]
Vijayabahu I (born Prince Keerthi) (ruled 1055–1110), also known as Vijayabahu the Great, was a medieval king of Sri Lanka. Born to a royal bloodline, Vijayabahu grew up under Chola occupation. He assumed rulership of the Ruhuna principality in the southern parts of the country in 1055. Following a seventeen-year-long campaign, he successfully drove the Cholas out of the island in 1070,[1][2][3][4] reuniting the country for the first time in over a century.[5][6]  During his reign, he re-established Buddhism in Sri Lanka and repaired much of the damage caused to infrastructure during the wars. He offered the Thihoshin Pagoda(Lord of Sri Lanka Buddha image) to Burma king Alaungsithu and it is now still in Pakokku.
Camille Bohannon is a broadcaster who spent four decades in radio, including working as an anchor/reporter for the U.S. national news networks of NBC, Mutual, United Press International and AP Broadcast. After retiring in 2008, she continued to work part-time as a voice-over and narrator announcer. She has also served as a member of the Broadcast Committee of the U.S. National Press Club.
John Shorthouse (born January 31, 1970) is a  Canadian sports broadcaster based in Vancouver, British Columbia. He is the lead play-by-play commentator for the Vancouver Canucks on Sportsnet Pacific television. He also calls select nationally-televised games on Sportsnet and Hockey Night in Canada.

Each team in the 2015 FIFA Club World Cup had to name a 23-man squad (three of whom had to be goalkeepers) by the FIFA deadline of 30 November 2015.[1] Injury replacements were allowed until 24 hours before the team's first match.[2]
Shilong railway station (石龙站) is located in Shilong, Dongguan, Guangdong province, China.
Wilmes or Wilmès is the surname of the following people:
The Faculty of Veterinary Medicine, University of León is a veterinary school in Spain.[1] It is part of the University of León, and is situated in the university campus of Vegazana.
Mennonite literature emerged in the mid-to-late 20th century as both a literary movement and a distinct genre.[1][2] Mennonite literature refers to literary works created by or about Mennonites.[3]
Makoto Fukami (Japanese: 深見真, Hepburn: Fukami Makoto, born August 5, 1977) is a Japanese manga artist, novelist, and screenwriter. He started writing manga in 1999 and since has had multiple of his series adapted into other media. In addition to manga, he also did screenwriting for Psycho-Pass and its first film Psycho-Pass: The Movie in 2012 and 2015 respectively, both of which have been well received.
Muratça is a village in the İnhisar District, Bilecik Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 25 (2021).[2]
Simbu Angra FC, sometimes spelled Chimbu Angra FC, is a semi-professional association football club based in Chimbu Province, Papua New Guinea. The club was founded in 2019.[1]
Marco Salvi (born 4 April 1954) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church who has been auxiliary bishop of Perugia–Città della Pieve since 2019.
Luz Ramos (April 20, 1987) is a Mexican television and film actress,[1] known for her roles in biographical series such as El Vato and Hasta que te conocí.[2] She was cast as the star of the series based on the life of Jenni Rivera, Su nombre era Dolores, la Jenn que yo conocí.[3]
Stowe is a census-designated place (CDP) comprising the central community in the town of Stowe, Lamoille County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2010 census the population of the CDP was 495,[2] out of 4,314 in the entire town.
I Gede Wenten, renowned to be called colloquially as Wenten,[1] or Prof. Wenten[2] is an Indonesian Professor of Chemical Engineering affiliated with Bandung Institute of Technology (ITB) specialized in membrane technology and also an inventor. He is a pioneer of membrane technology research in Indonesia.[3]
Societatea Ortodoxă Națională a Femeilor Române (SONFR) was a Romanian organisation for women's rights, founded in 1910. It was one of the three largest women's rights organizations in Romania, alongside Liga Drepturile si Datoriile Femeii and Liga Femeilor Române. It was an organization for conservative women.
The Cashel Lookout Formation is a formation cropping out in Newfoundland.

53°38′53″N 1°46′30″W﻿ / ﻿53.648°N 1.775°W﻿ / 53.648; -1.775
Volkhov (Russian: Волхов) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.
The modifier letter double apostrophe (ˮ) is a spacing glyph. It is used in the orthography of Tundra Nenets to denote a glottal stop, in the Enets alphabet and in the orthography of Dan to indicate that a syllable has a top tone. It is encoded at U+02EE ˮ MODIFIER LETTER DOUBLE APOSTROPHE.
The Crime Victims' Rights Act, (CVRA) 18 U.S.C. § 3771, is part of the United States Justice for All Act of 2004, Pub. L. No. 108-405, 118 Stat. 2260 (effective Oct. 30, 2004).[1] The CVRA enumerates the rights afforded to victims in federal criminal cases and victims of offenses committed in the District of Columbia. The Act grants victims the following eight rights:[2]
Mill Creek is a tributary of Reilly Creek in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, in the United States. It is approximately 2.8 miles (4.5 km) long and flows through Dennison Township.[1] The creek flows through a number of ponds, at least one of which has a dam. There are relatively few roads in the watershed of the creek and the significant majority of the watershed is forested land. The creek is named, but has not been assessed.
From China to Taiwan: Pioneers of Abstraction was a group exhibition held at Museum of Ixelles, Brussels, Belgium from 15 June to 24 September 2017.[1] The exhibitions traces the origins and evolution of twentieth-century Chinese abstract painting. Aside from the works, it also explores the careers of those Chinese artists, who were obliged to leave their homeland and seek refuge in Taiwan.[2]
In biology and human medicine, gravidity and parity are the number of times a female is or has been pregnant (gravidity) and carried the pregnancies to a viable gestational age (parity).[1] These terms are usually coupled, sometimes with additional terms, to indicate more details of the woman's obstetric history.[2] When using these terms:
Karevo (Russian: Карево) is the name of two rural localities in Russia:
The Logistic Regiment "Pozzuolo del Friuli" (Italian: Reggimento Logistico "Pozzuolo del Friuli") is a military logistics regiment of the Italian Army based in Remanzacco in Friuli Venezia Giulia. Today the regiment is the logistic unit of the Cavalry Brigade "Pozzuolo del Friuli".[3]
Mermaid Theatre of Nova Scotia was co-founded in 1972 in Wolfville, Nova Scotia, by the late Evelyn Garbary, Tom Miller, and Sara Lee Lewis who continues to serve as Managing Director. The Theatre moved to Windsor, Nova Scotia in 1987, purchasing a large commercial building in the town's center, which now houses its workshops, administration, rehearsal and performance facilities. The company was registered under the Societies Act of Nova Scotia, and received charitable status with Revenue Canada in March 1973.
St. Mary Church is a Roman Catholic church, part of Annunciation Parish, located in Newington, Connecticut. St. Mary School closed in 2016. A new pastor, Fr Shawn Daly was appointed in 2016 to oversee the restructuring of the new Annunciation Parish, combining St. Mary Church with Holy Spirit Church in Newington.
Mōryō no Hako (魍魎の匣, "Box of Spirits and Goblins") is a Japanese novel by Natsuhiko Kyogoku. It is the second novel in the Kyōgokudō series that began with Summer of the Ubume. The novel has been turned into a live action feature film, a manga, and an anime television series.
Eagle Islands is a group of two islands in the Chagos Archipelago. They are located on the central-western rim of the Great Chagos Bank, which is the world's largest coral atoll structure.
Hydroxylammonium chloride is a chemical compound with the formula [NH3OH]+Cl−. It is the hydrochloric acid salt of hydroxylamine (NH2OH). Hydroxylamine is a biological intermediate in nitrification (biological oxidation of ammonia with oxygen into nitrite) and in anammox (biological oxidation of nitrite and ammonium into dinitrogen gas) which are important in the nitrogen cycle in soil and in wastewater treatment plants.
Anastasia Tumanishvili-Tsereteli (1849–1932) was a Georgian writer and educator who made important contributions to cultural developments in her country, particularly those of women. 
The Newman Prize for Chinese Literature was established in 2008 by Peter Gries, director of the Institute for U.S.-China Issues at the University of Oklahoma. The first major American award for Chinese literature, the Newman Prize, is awarded every two years. It is granted solely based on literary merit, and any living author writing in Chinese is eligible for a recommendation. The Prize honors Harold J. and Ruth Newman, whose generosity enabled the establishment of the OU Institute for US-China Issues.

The list of shipwrecks in October 1820 includes ships sunk, wrecked or otherwise lost during October 1820.
A VMScluster, originally known as a VAXcluster, is a computer cluster involving a group of computers running the OpenVMS operating system. Whereas tightly coupled multiprocessor systems run a single copy of the operating system, a VMScluster is loosely coupled: each machine runs its own copy of OpenVMS, but the disk storage, lock manager, and security domain are all cluster-wide, providing a single system image abstraction. Machines can join or leave a VMScluster without affecting the rest of the cluster. For enhanced availability, VMSclusters support the use of dual-ported disks connected to two machines or storage controllers simultaneously.
Narragansett soils are loamy soils occurring in the northeastern United States. It is the state soil of Rhode Island.
Innocence is 10th album of American neo-psychedelic rock band Pontiak released on January 28, 2014. It had relatively positive reception from critics by scoring 73 on Metascore.[2] Ryan J. Prado from Paste Magazine says ""Pontiak" and "ballad" were probably never supposed to be in the same sentence together, but the band's insistence on its soft side for even a few songs is an exciting prospect that makes Innocence a diamond in the rough."[3]
Electro Beatbox is an early Electro/Old school hip hop compilation album released by Decadance Recordings in 2002.
Flavour of Africa is the seventh studio album of Nigerian singer Flavour.[1] It was released on December 4 2020.[2][3][4]
Minthorn Hall is an academic building on the campus of George Fox University in Newberg, Oregon, United States. Built in 1887, the hall was moved ten blocks to its current location in 1892. The three-story frame building is the oldest building on the campus of the school,[2] and was the first building of the Quaker school. Future President Herbert Hoover may have briefly lived in the structure prior to its conversion to a school building. The hall was added to the National Register of Historic Places on June 13, 1997.
The Purchase of the North Pole or Topsy-Turvy (French: Sans dessus dessous) is an adventure novel by Jules Verne,  published in 1889.  It is the third and last novel of the Baltimore Gun Club, first appearing in From the Earth to the Moon, and later in Around the Moon, featuring the same characters but set twenty years later.
Mildred Grosberg Bellin (September 7, 1908 – February 15, 2008) was an American cookbook author. She is most noted for her influential cookbooks Modern Jewish Meals and The Jewish Cookbook, which brought modern nutritional ideas into Jewish cooking.[1]
Hiroyuki Morita (森田 宏幸, Morita Hiroyuki, born June 26, 1964 in Fukuoka, Japan) is a Japanese animator and director. He is best known for working as director on the Studio Ghibli film The Cat Returns.
Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Sława, within Wschowa County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Sława, 21 km (13 mi) west of Wschowa, and 37 km (23 mi) east of Zielona Góra.

This is a list of Chinese football transfers for the 2010 season winter transfer window. Only moves from Super League and League One are listed. The transfer window opened from January 1 to March 10.
The Battle of Gorangpo was one of a series of coordinated attacks beginning on 25 June 1950 that marked the beginning of the Korean War.[1]
The Chevrolet Citation is a range of compact cars that was produced by the Chevrolet division of General Motors. The first Chevrolet sold with front-wheel drive, a single generation of the Citation was sold from the 1980 to 1985 model years.[1] The successor of the Chevrolet Nova, the Citation was initially slotted between the Chevrolet Monza and the Chevrolet Malibu in the Chevrolet product line, later replaced by the Chevrolet Cavalier and the Chevrolet Celebrity.
The Kodak DC3200 is a model of digital camera produced by the Eastman Kodak Company in 2000–2002. The camera was connected via a serial cable in order to download pictures. Kodak ceased supporting the model a couple of years later. A PDF file of the manual is available on their site. Although Kodak no longer offer a free download of the necessary software, this might be available elsewhere on the Internet.

This is a list of small airlines and helicopter airlines of Russia.
Dóra Hornyák (born 24 January 1992)[1] is a Hungarian handballer for Debreceni VSC and the Hungarian national team.
Khwāje Shams-od-Dīn Moḥammad Ḥāfeẓ-e Shīrāzī (Persian: خواجه شمس‌‌الدین محمّد حافظ شیرازی), known by his pen name Hafez (حافظ, Ḥāfeẓ, 'the memorizer; the (safe) keeper'; 1325–1390) and as "Hafiz",[1] was a Persian lyric poet,[2][3] whose collected works are regarded by many Iranians as a pinnacle of Persian literature. His works are often found in the homes of people in the Persian-speaking world, who learn his poems by heart and use them as everyday proverbs and sayings. His life and poems have become the subjects of much analysis, commentary and interpretation, influencing post-14th century Persian writing more than any other Persian author.[4][5]
Ronarc'h Peninsula (Presqu'île Ronarc'h) is a peninsula in the south-east of the principal island of Kerguelen, a subantarctic island currently occupied by France in the southern Indian Ocean. It is connected by a narrow strip of land to another peninsula, namely the Presqu'île Jeanne d'Arc to the southwest, which is approximately twice its area.
The Wall is a 1962 American propaganda film about the erection of the Berlin Wall directed by Walter de Hoog.
Siu Hang Tsuen (Chinese: 小坑村) is a village in Tuen Mun District, Hong Kong.
In the run up to the 2009 Portuguese local elections, various organisations carried out opinion polling to gauge voting intention in several municipalities across Portugal. Results of such polls are displayed in this article. The date range for these opinion polls are from the previous local elections, held on 9 October 2005, to the day the next elections were held, on 11 October 2009.
The STAR-2 Bus is a fully redundant, flight-proven, spacecraft bus designed for geosynchronous missions.
Kochi Metro (Malayalam) Short Film Fest (Malayalam: കൊച്ചി മെട്രോ (മലയാളം) ഷോർട്ട് ഫിലിം ഫെസ്റ്റ്) is an annual film festival held in Kochi, Kerala, devoted to short films made in Malayalam language. The short film pool consists of animation films, student films, experimental films as well as Documentary films. Established in the year 2014 by festival director Raveendran,[1][2] a popular actor in Malayalam and Tamil language films at Gold Souk Grande Kochi.[3][4] Malayalam actor Mohanlal is the festival chairman.
Insecta Mundi: A Journal of World Insect Systematics is an open access peer-reviewed scientific journal of entomology, primarily devoted to insects, specifically "any non-marine arthropod".[1] It is published by the Center for Systematic Entomology (CSE). The journal was established in 1985 by Ross Arnett[2] and was published in print quarterly until 2007, when it switched to an immediately online upon acceptable publication model, with a paper and media edition produced once a year.[3]  At least one author of a manuscript must be a member of CSE for a manuscript to be considered.[1]
Jacopo Ripanda (Bologna, 15th century - Rome, c.1516) was an Italian painter of the Renaissance era.
The Salt River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in eastern Missouri in the United States. The river is approximately 55 miles (89 km) long and drains an area of 2,518 sq mi (6,520 km2) in parts of twelve Missouri counties.[4]
Keene (formerly, Wells)[3] is a census-designated place (CDP) in Kern County, California in the foothills of the Tehachapi Mountains at the southern extreme of the San Joaquin Valley.  Keene is located 8.5 miles (14 km) northwest of Tehachapi,[3] at an elevation of 2,602 feet (793 m).[2] The population was 469 at the 2020 census, up from 431 at the 2010 census.
OmniTouch is a wearable computer, depth-sensing camera and projection system that enables interactive multitouch interfaces on everyday surface. Beyond the shoulder-worn system, there is no instrumentation of the user or the environment. For example, the present shoulder-worn implementation allows users to manipulate interfaces projected onto the environment (e.g., walls, tables), held objects (e.g., notepads, books), and their own bodies (e.g., hands, lap). On such surfaces - without any calibration - OmniTouch provides capabilities similar to that of a touchscreen: X and Y location in 2D interfaces and whether fingers are “clicked” or hovering.  This enables a wide variety of applications, similar to what one might find on a modern smartphone. A user study assessing pointing accuracy of the system (user and system inaccuracies combined) suggested buttons needed to be 2.3 cm (0.91 in) in diameter to achieve reliable operation on the hand, 1.6 cm (0.63 in) on walls.  This is approaching the accuracy of  capacitive touchscreens, like those found in smart phones, but on arbitrary surfaces. 
Katalin "Kata" Maria Menczinger (born 17 January 1989 in Budapest) is a Hungarian former water polo player.[1][2] At the 2012 Summer Olympics, she competed for the Hungary women's national water polo team in the women's event. She is 5 ft 10 inches tall. She also competed at the 2011 World Aquatics Championships.[3]
Rachel Walker Turner (1868–1943), also known as the "Creole Nightingale", was an American soprano.[1][2]
Downs Park is located in Pasadena, Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The park consists of 236 acres (0.96 km2) and spans around 2,000 ft (610 m) of shoreline. It is operated by Anne Arundel County Recreation and Parks and is open year-round. Organizations using the park include the Friends of Downs Park, Garden Volunteers, Volunteers-in-the-Park and the Downs Park Quilters Guild.[1]
The European integrated Hydrogen Project (EIHP) was a European Union project to integrate United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE or ECE) guidelines and create a basis of ECE regulation of hydrogen vehicles and the necessary infrastructure replacing national legislation and regulations. The aim of this project was enhancing of the safety of hydrogen vehicles and harmonizing their licensing and approval process.[1]
Diane Passage is an American woman from New York City who has been described as a "socialite".[1][2]  Her former husband met her when she worked as an exotic dancer at Scores, one of the New York City strip clubs profiled in the movie Hustlers.[3][4][5]
Spread tow fabric (stf) is a type of lightweight fabric. Its production involves the steps of spreading a tow in thin and flat uni-directional tape (Spread Tow Tape, STT), and weaving the tapes to a Spread Tow Fabric.[1] This technique increases the mechanical properties of the material and is also used to reduce weight on composites.[2] Manufacturers of Spread Tow Tapes include Oxeon AB, Teknomax Corp., Harmoni Industry Inc., Sakaiovex.[3]
Fruntimmerföreningens flickskola ('Women's Society's Girls' School'), was a Girls' School in Gothenburg in Sweden active between 1815 and 1938.  At the time of the introduction of compulsory elementary schools in Sweden in 1842, it was one of five schools in Sweden to provide academic secondary education to females: the others being Societetsskolan (1786) and Kjellbergska flickskolan (1833) in Gothenburg, Askersunds flickskola (1812) in Askersund and Wallinska skolan (1831) in Stockholm.
Ulfe is a river of Hesse, Germany. It flows into the Sontra in Wichmannshausen.
Robert Hamilton Dudley (born November 18, 1933)[1][2] was a justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court from 1981 to 1996.[1]
Jeunesse Sportive Saint-Pierroise or JSSP is a French football club from Saint-Pierre, Réunion. Its most notable players are Roger Milla, from the Cameroon national football team and Jean Pierre Papin, from the France national football team
"Straightaway" Jazz Themes is an album released by Canadian jazz trumpeter Maynard Ferguson containing music composed for the 1961–1962 television series Straightaway. The album was recorded in 1961 and released by Roulette.[1][2]
The Wangpicheon River[1] (왕피천) is a river in southeastern South Korea.[2] It flows from Yeongyang County, North Gyeongsang Province, passes through Uljin County to the Sea of Japan, covering a distance of about 61 km. The river basins are currently designated as ecological and landscape preservation areas. The Wangpicheon watershed covers roughly 513.71 km2. It has excellent vegetation and natural scenery, and endangered species such as otter, goat, hawk, and rare plants live in the area, as well as a community of many species of fish.[3]

Edward Adolf Sonnenschein (20 November 1851 – 2 September 1929, Bath) was an English classical scholar and writer on Latin grammar and verse.
Kollektivizator (Russian: Коллективизатор) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kraynovsky Selsoviet, Kizlyarsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 364 as of 2010.[2] There are 3 streets.[3]
The Master of the Gamblers (known in Italian as Maestro dei Giocatori) (fl 1620 – 1640) is the notname given to a painter active in Rome and possibly also in Naples in the second and third decade of the 17th century, whose subject matter and style rank him among the Caravaggisti (followers of Michelangelo Merisi da Caravaggio).  The artist depicted genre subjects and still life elements in his works in a stark naturalist manner.  The identity and nationality of the artist are not known.  Art historians have yet to arrive at a unanimous view on the nationality, work location and the oeuvre of the artist.  He may have been Italian, but a northern European background has also been proposed.[1]
Inazawa Station (稲沢駅, Inazawa-eki) is a railway station in the city of  Inazawa, Aichi Prefecture, Japan, operated by Central Japan Railway Company (JR Tōkai).
A happening bar (ハプニングバー) or couple kissa (カップル喫茶, kappuru kissa) is a Japanese sex club.  In both, prospective customers pass an initial vetting to become members, then pay an entrance fee to enter the club.  The club will provide drinks at a bar (often for free), rooms for sex and typically shower facilities.  Entrance to couple kissa is limited to male-female couples and single women, while a happening bar will also allow single men to enter, although typically at a steep surcharge (as much as ¥25,000, whereas a woman might enter for free).  Entry is denied to the underaged (under 20), male groups, drunk or intoxicated people and, in some establishments, foreigners.
Velkovýroba ctnosti is a Czech novel by Jiří Haussmann. It was first published in 1922.
The 1998–99 Divizia B was the 59th season of the second tier of the Romanian football league system.
Eberhard Feltz (born 27 June 1937) is a German classical violinist and chamber music pedagogue.[1][2] Feltz became internationally known especially as a mentor for string quartets and chamber music ensembles.[1] He is often called the "guru of the string quartet".[1]
WJCT (channel 7), branded on air as Jax PBS, is a PBS member television station in Jacksonville, Florida, United States. It is owned by WJCT, Inc., alongside NPR member WJCT-FM (89.9). The two outlets share studios on Festival Park Avenue in Downtown Jacksonville's Stadium District; the TV station's transmitter is located on Hogan Road in the city's Killarney Shores section.
Dungeon Tiles is a supplement published by Task Force Games in 1980 for fantasy role-playing games.
Finca Los Alamos is a historical Argentine estancia located in San Rafael, Mendoza.  The estate was built in 1830 by the Bombal family, and originally served as a frontier fort.  Domingo Bombal, who served eleven terms as Governor to the Mendoza Province (between 1863–1890), owned the estate until his death in 1908.[1]
Spiridon Kacarosi was the head of the Albanian Secret Service, (Secret Office of the Ministry of Interior at the time), from 1930 to 1937.
A thermoacidophile is an extremophilic microorganism that is both thermophilic and acidophilic; i.e., it can grow under conditions of high temperature and low pH.[1] The large majority of thermoacidophiles are archaea (particularly the Thermoproteota and "Euryarchaeota") or bacteria, though occasional eukaryotic examples have been reported.[2][3] Thermoacidophiles can be found in hot springs and solfataric environments, within deep sea vents, or in other environments of geothermal activity.[1]: 602  They also occur in polluted environments, such as in acid mine drainage.[4]
Husne Ara Kamal[a] (Bengali: হোসনে আরা কামাল (20 December 1934 - 16 April 2009), was a Bangladeshi academician, philanthropist, and social worker who made significant contributions to social welfare and women's empowerment in Bangladesh throughout her career. She worked as a lecturer and later became the director and a professor at the Institute of Social Welfare and Research in Dhaka, Bangladesh. Kamal was also an accomplished author and published several books on women and gender issues, as well as books for children.[1]
RxNorm is short for medical prescription normalized
[1]
[2]
Reginald Faria (born November 1981) is a Dutch retired footballer who played for Dutch Eredivisie Club FC Volendam during 2003-2004 season.[1]
Ryōsei Akazawa (赤沢 亮正, Akazawa Ryōsei, born December 18, 1960) is a Japanese politician of the Liberal Democratic Party and member of the House of Representatives in the Diet (national legislature), representing the Tottori 2nd district in Tottori Prefecture.
Cefoperazone/sulbactam is a combination drug used as an antibiotic.  It is effective for the treatment of urinary tract infections.[2]  It contains cefoperazone, a β-lactam antibiotic, and sulbactam, a β-lactamase inhibitor, which helps prevent bacteria from breaking down cefoperazone.[3]
Located in Oguni Town, Aso District on the border between Kumamoto and Oita Prefectures. This waterfall is 9m tall with a width of 20m. [1]
Henrietta Barclay Paist (1870–1930) was an American artist, designer, teacher, and author. She is perhaps best known for her china painting, a popular turn-of-the-century pastime. Born in Red Wing, Minnesota in 1870, she studied ceramics in Germany, watercolor painting in Minneapolis, and design in Chicago before settling in the Twin Cities, where she also found time to marry and raise a family.[1]
Lydia umkaSetemba was a Zulu prose writer active in the 1850s and the 1860s. Her work has been claimed as the starting point of modern Zulu literature,[1] and she has been described as one of the "most famous performers of extended narrative".[2] Six narratives which she performed were included in Henry Callaway's 1868 collection of Zulu oral narratives.[3]
The Standard House is a landmark in the city of Peekskill in Westchester County, New York, built in 1855. It is located at 50 Hudson Avenue between South Water Street and the Metro-North Hudson Line train tracks.
The Deutsches Fremdwörterbuch (DFWB) is a multiple-volume dictionary of foreign words loaned into the German language, covering words which are in current use in German on historical principles.
Ermila is a small town and rural commune in Boulemane Province of the Fès-Meknès region of Morocco. At the time of the 2004 census, the commune had a total population of 6774 people living in 1079 households.[1]

The Swiss Social Archives (German: Schweizerisches Sozialarchiv, French: Archives Sociales Suisse) in Zurich is a historical archive, an academic library, a collection of documentation and a research facility specialising in social issues and social movements.[1] The Swiss Confederation recognizes the archives as the country's leading research facility for social issues and social movements.[2] The Social Archives run their own research endowment fund, the Ellen Rifkin Hill Foundation.[3] The SSA play an important role in communicating scholarship to the broader community. They have convened several exhibitions, published essay collections on Swiss social history and conduct lecture series, presentations and information sessions. The archives work with Swiss secondary and tertiary educational institutions, archives and libraries and with similar institutions abroad.[4][5][6] The SSA are a founding member of the International Association of Labour History Institutions (IALHI).[7]


The Certified Environmental Practitioner (CEnvP) Scheme was established in 2004 by the Environment Institute of Australia and New Zealand (EIANZ).[1] A Certified Environmental Practitioner is the highest grade of general environmental practice in Australia and New Zealand, and recognises outstanding practical experience and expertise, as well as high ethical standards.  
The Laval Formation is a geologic formation in Quebec. It preserves fossils dating back to the Ordovician period.


This is a list of the members of the National Executive Committee of the African National Congress who were elected at the 51st national conference in 2002. Most active members were replaced at the 52nd National Conference in 2007.
Umnak Pass is a strait between the Bering Sea and the North Pacific Ocean in the Aleutian Islands in Alaska.  It lies between Unalaska Island to the northeast and Umnak Island to the southwest.[1]
Polling Abbey (German: Kloster Polling) is a former monastery in Polling bei Weilheim, district of Weilheim-Schongau, in Upper Bavaria, Germany.
The Platinum Fashion Mall is a five billion baht (100 million euro) shopping mall in Pratunam, Bangkok, Thailand, which specializes in fashion clothes and accessories retail and wholesale.[1] It is a six-storey complex with an 11-storey condominium building above the complex.
Kim Fox (born 1968 in Manhattan, New York) is an American singer, songwriter, and keyboardist based in New York City.[1]
Tymawa [tɨˈmava] (German: Thymau) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Grunwald, within Ostróda County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) south-east of Gierzwałd (the gmina seat), 29 km (18 mi) south-east of Ostróda, and 37 km (23 mi) south-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Lampeter Castle (Welsh: Castell Llanbedr), sometimes known as Stephen's Castle, was built during the Norman expansion into Wales at the end of the eleventh century. The motte is in the grounds of Lampeter University but the precise whereabouts of the bailey is unknown. It was captured by Cadell ap Gruffydd in 1146.
María Josefa Huarte Beaumont or mecenas; benefactora; Maria Josefa Huarte Beaumont (25 May 1927 – 8 February 2015) was a Spanish art collector and philanthropist. She is known for donating her modern art collection (and a building to put it in) to the University of Navarra.
Lambert Township is a township in Red Lake County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 154 at the 2000 census.
Sexual Dependency (original Spanish title Dependencia sexual) is a Bolivian drama film by Rodrigo Bellott [es]. It focuses on five young people just beginning to construct their sexual identity. Most of the actors featured were non-professional.[1] It was Bolivia's entry to the foreign film category of the 76th Academy Awards.
The Composer of Desafinado, Plays is the first album by Antônio Carlos Jobim. Released in 1963, the album features a dozen instrumentals arranged by Claus Ogerman, whose work would mark the beginning of a lifelong musical relationship with Jobim.[4] Of these twelve songs, nearly all of them are jazz standards. The opening track "The Girl from Ipanema" is believed to be the second most recorded song in history behind The Beatles' "Yesterday," and a recording of the song by Astrud Gilberto and Stan Getz became a worldwide hit in 1964.[5]
Roger, the son of Dagobert (Greek: Ῥογέρης/Ῥογέριος ὁ τοῦ Τακουπέρτου), was a Norman magnate who deserted to the Byzantine Empire where he entered the service of Emperor Alexios I Komnenos (r. 1081–1118). He is the founder of the noble Byzantine family of Rogerios.
The thanatotranscriptome denotes all RNA transcripts produced from the portions of the genome still active or awakened in the internal organs of a body following its death. It is relevant to the study of the biochemistry, microbiology, and biophysics of thanatology, in particular within forensic science. Some genes may continue to be expressed in cells for up to 48 hours after death, producing new mRNA. Certain genes that are generally inhibited since the end of fetal development may be expressed again at this time.[1][2][3]
Pemberton v. Tallahassee Memorial Regional Center, 66 F. Supp. 2d 1247 (N.D. Fla. 1999), is a case in the United States regarding reproductive rights. In particular, the case explored the limits of a woman's right to choose her medical treatment in light of fetal rights at the end of pregnancy.
The 1997–98 Czech 1.liga season was the fifth season of the Czech 1.liga, the second level of ice hockey in the Czech Republic. 14 teams participated in the league, and HC Znojemsti Orli won the championship.
Jonathan Lundberg (born 27 October 1997) is a Swedish footballer who plays for Karlslunds IF as a forward.[1][2]
Elk farming is an agricultural industry for the production of elk as livestock or for the sport of hunting. Elk have a variety of uses. The velvet antler or, the antler in the premature stages of growth, is believed by some to have medicinal purposes. Elk are also raised for venison, their meat. All of these markets are rising in popularity thus causing an increase in the breeding industry. Other species of similar type are farmed in the same way such as deer, moose, and red stag.
Brindlee Mountain (or "Brindlee Mountain") is an isolated portion of the Appalachian Plateau in northern Alabama.  It occupies significant portions of Cullman, Morgan, and Marshall Counties and extends into Winston and Lawrence counties.  The plateau is formed by a sandstone cap-rock overlying limestone. The main mountain sits south of Lacey's Spring and houses communities such as Union Hill and Morgan City as well as parts of Union Grove and spans into Arab also. U.S. Route 231 runs over Brindlee Mountain. The highest point of Brindlee Mountain rests in Morgan City. A shale layer about 75-100 feet down from the top of the mountain created bluffs on all sides of the mountain, as well as caused road replacements to be necessary on Union Hill Rd / James Frazier Rd and US Hwy 231 immediately north of the Whitesburg Mountains. The shale layer is visible at the top of the quarry off of Union Hill Rd. The cement mixer on the side of Union Hill Rd originated in a wrecked vehicle on the original road alignment of Union Hill Rd, visible on older USGS 1:24000 topographical maps. 

James Browne or Brown (1616–1685) was an English theologian.
Hurry Inlet (Danish: Hurry Fjord; Greenlandic: Kangerterajiva, meaning 'The Little Fjord') is a fjord in King Christian X Land, eastern Greenland.
This fjord is part of the Scoresby Sound system.[1] Administratively it lies in the area of Sermersooq municipality.
This is a list of articles about swimming in each country around the world.  Most countries have two national championships per year, one in long course and one in short course. Some countries also have a national team championship.
Bruce Lee Fights Back from the Grave, originally released as Visitor of America (Korean: 아메리카 방문객; Hanja: 아메리카 訪問客; RR: Amelika bangmungaeg), is a 1976 Bruceploitation supernatural martial arts film starring tae kwon do instructor Jun Chong (credited as 케리・郑 Ke-li Chong in the original South Korean version and as Bruce K. L. Lea in the English-dubbed and altered U.S. edit). The film was directed by Lee Doo-yong, though persistent misinformation claims that the movie was directed by Italian horror director Umberto Lenzi.[1]
The Estill Shale is a geologic formation in Ohio. It dates back to the Silurian.
The Currier House is a historic building located on the eastside of Davenport, Iowa, United States. At the very beginning of the 20th century, Frederick W. Currier may have had this house built and lived here for a short time when he worked for the Pittsburgh Plate Glass Company. It was later occupied by George M. Watts, who was the manager for the Standard Oil Company. This large, three-story house follows a rambling plan, typical of the Queen Anne style in which it was constructed. It features a corner tower with a conical roof, a full height polygonal bay and gabled pavilions with short cornice returns.[2] The residence was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]
Kyaukpyok is a village in Kale Township, Kale District, in the Sagaing Region of western Burma.[1][2]
Marcus Vigellius (fl. 125 BC) was a Stoic philosopher. He was a friend and pupil of Panaetius, whom he also lived with.[1] He is noted by Cicero in De Oratore to have also been a friend of Lucius Licinius Crassus,[2] the greatest Roman orator prior to Cicero. All other information has been lost.
Jean Aubert was a French engineer. In 1961 he used the idea of the German engineer Julius Greve from the last century to describe a pente d'eau, (English: water slope) which was a way of moving boats up the gradient of a canal without locks.  The design consisted of a sloping channel through which a wedge of water on which the boat was floating could be pushed up an incline.  This concept was used in both the Montech water slope[2] and the Fonserannes water slopes.[1][3]
The Dodge M-series chassis were a line of heavy-duty frames used under various Class A motorhomes from 1968 to 1979.  M-series chassis use a Dana 60 or 70  or Spicer M70 solid rear axles with leaf springs. Frames were used by Winnebago, Champion, Apollo MotorHomes and several other RV manufacturers. The line was offered in four ratings, M-300, M-400, M-500, and M-600 depending on the application. The M600 was offered with the Rockwell F-130-NX rear axle, with a 4.88:1 gear ratio.
Central Bedfordshire Council is the local authority for the Central Bedfordshire unitary authority area in the ceremonial county of Bedfordshire, England. It was created in 2009 covering the area of the former Mid Bedfordshire and South Bedfordshire districts, and also took over the functions of the abolished Bedfordshire County Council in that area. The council is based at Chicksands.
Helen Kim (also Kim Hwal-lan, 1899 – 1970) was a South Korean politician, educator, social activist, and feminist.  Her pen name was Wuwol(우월;又月). Kim is the founder of the daily Korean newspaper, The Korea Times.[1]
Wangguanrentun railway station  is a station of Jingbao Railway in Datong City, Shanxi.
Akhmedkent (Russian: Ахмедкент; Kaitag: Ахӏмадла шши; Dargwa: ГIяхIмалаша) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Akhmedkentsky Selsoviet, Kaytagsky District, Republic of Dagestan, Russia. The population was 1,023 as of 2010.[2] There are 28 streets.[3]
Charlie Baker
Republican
Thomas Fritz Goreau (August 16, 1924 in Germany - April 22, 1970 in Jamaica) was a marine biologist who worked extensively on the coral reefs of Jamaica, and many other reefs in the Pacific, Caribbean, and Red Sea.
Sutemi Horiguchi (堀口 捨己, Horiguchi Sutemi, 1895–1984) was an architect and a historian of Japanese architecture, and an expert of sukiya-zukuri architecture. In addition to designing modern buildings, he designed buildings in sukiya-zukuri, and buildings that fused both modern architectural and traditional Japanese architectural motifs.
Waylon's Greatest Hits, Vol. 2 is a compilation album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Victor in 1984. It contains several songs recorded primarily in the later period of the singer's career, encompassing the late 1970s as well as the early 1980s. Although several relatively obscure tracks were included, the compilation also contains the hits "Theme from the Dukes of Hazzard (Good Ol' Boys)" and "Don't You Think This Outlaw Bit's Done Got Out of Hand". "Looking for Suzanne", "America" and "Waltz Me to Heaven" are all previously unreleased Jennings recordings; the first of these made a reappearance on Jennings' Sweet Mother Texas (1986). "America" and "Waltz Me to Heaven" charted as singles, reaching #6 and #10, respectively, with a music video being released for the former; the album peaked at #27 on the country charts.
Brian Dannelly is a German born American film director and screenwriter best known for his work on the 2004 film Saved!
Lori Harrigan-Mack (born September 5, 1970) is an American, former collegiate All-American, right-handed hitting, left-handed softball pitcher originally from Anaheim, California.[1] She was a three-time Olympic Champion as a member of the Team USA winning in 1996, 2000 and 2004.[2] Harrigan played collegiately from 1989–1992 at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas where she owns numerous records; she is the Big West Conference career leader in shutouts and innings pitched and is a USA Softball Hall of Fame honoree.
Salvador Santiago Lorenzo Debenedetti (March 2, 1884 – September 30, 1930) was an Argentine archaeologist, anthropologist and educator. He was involved in the restoration of Pucará de Tilcara, an ancient fortification in what today is Jujuy Province. He was also the originator of Student's Day in Argentina, an informal holiday celebrated on September 21.
Julio Salvador Nazareno (27 May 1936 – 29 November 2019) was an Argentinian jurist. He served as the President of the Supreme Court of Argentina designated by the President Carlos Menem. He served 13 years in this role, between 1900 and 2003, when he resigned to avoid impeachment in the Senate.[1]
In computing, an input–output memory management unit (IOMMU) is a memory management unit (MMU) connecting a direct-memory-access–capable (DMA-capable) I/O bus to the main memory. Like a traditional MMU, which translates CPU-visible virtual addresses to physical addresses, the IOMMU maps device-visible virtual addresses (also called device addresses or memory mapped I/O addresses in this context) to physical addresses. Some units also provide memory protection from faulty or malicious devices.
The 1827 Guayaquil uprising, also known as the Guayaquil Department rebellion, was a rejection of the centralist policies of Gran Colombia. This was one of the first separatist rebellions in the country of Gran Colombia before it dissolved in 1829.
StarNet is a Moldovan Internet service provider.  The company provides Internet services via ADSL and FTTB
The Latham appliance is a medical appliance used to repair cleft lip and cleft palate in young children.[1]
A Friendly Call is an oil on canvas painting executed in 1895 by the American painter William Merritt Chase. It was acquired by the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C., in 1943 as part of the Chester Dale collection.[1]
In the 2006–07 season of competitive football (soccer) in Cape Verde[1]  It was the first season that the national cup competition took place, its first winner was Académica da Praia.
Cheryl Lynn Johnson[2][1] (born May 8, 1960) is an American government official who served as the 36th Clerk of the United States House of Representatives from February 26, 2019 to June 30, 2023. Between January 3, 2023, and January 7, 2023, Johnson served as the acting presiding officer of the House while the election of a speaker for the 118th United States Congress was deadlocked until Kevin McCarthy was elected after 15 ballots.[3]
Martin Luther School is a co-educational private Lutheran middle and high school in the Maspeth neighborhood of the borough of Queens, New York City, in the State of New York, United States. Founded in 1960 as Martin Luther High School, the name of the school was changed to Martin Luther School in 2012 when a middle school was added.
Philip and Barry Castle were British and Irish artists. They are considered a pair, as they are in the National Irish Visual Arts Library catalogue,[1] as they worked and exhibited together and shared a painting technique that Philip taught Barry, which concentrated on making the colour look luminous. The Irish Times said of their partnership that "As husband and wife they have lived together a long time, but their artistic partnership spans almost as many years." They use the quattrocento style, building up the painting layer by layer.[2]
The Regional Policy Dialogue (RPD) is an Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) initiative constituted by the bank's board of directors in December 1999. The RPD's objective is to promote knowledge sharing between high-level government officials from Latin America and the Caribbean and experts in key development areas.[1]
John H. Shary (March 2, 1872 – 1945) was an American farmer and entrepreneur.

Charles Henry Maxwell Knight OBE, known as Maxwell Knight, (9 July 1900 – 27 January 1968) was a British spymaster, naturalist and broadcaster, reputedly a model for the James Bond character "M".  He played major roles in surveillance of an early British Fascist party as well as the main Communist Party.
Wisconsin Virtual Learning (known as WVL) is a charter school of the Northern Ozaukee School District (Best known as NOSD).
Gene Autry is a town in Carter County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 158 as of the 2010 census,[4] up from 99 in 2000. It is part of the Ardmore, Oklahoma Micropolitan Statistical Area.
Nikolai Kiut was Minister of Culture of the Abkhazian ASSR from 1967 to 1973. Kiut was born in 1910 into a peasant family in the village Kindgi in Ochamchira District and died in 1986.[1]
Kỳ Sơn is a former district of Hòa Bình province in the Northwest region of Vietnam. As of 2003 the district had a population of 34,800.[1] The district covers an area of 202 km². The district capital lies at Kỳ Sơn.[1]
TX Piscium (19 Piscium) is a variable carbon star in the constellation Pisces.  It is amongst the reddest naked eye stars, with a significant reddish hue when seen in binoculars.   It is approximately 900 light years from Earth.
William S. Roberts (September 4, 1913 – March 5, 1997) was a screenwriter. 
Maxwell MacKenzie is an architectural and a fine arts photographer.
Izumigaoka Station (泉ヶ丘駅, Izumigaoka eki) is a passenger railway station located in Minami-ku, Sakai, Osaka Prefecture, Japan, operated by the Semboku Rapid Railway. It is station number SB03.
Herr Edmund Parish (1861–1916) was a German psychologist and hallucination researcher.
The Ciudadela Market is a traditional style Mexican market which specializes in the sale of Mexican handcrafts and folk art, located in the southwest corner of the historic center of Mexico City. The market is the first of its kind in the country, established just before the 1968 Summer Olympics to promote this aspect of Mexico's cultural heritage. It is home to over 350 vendors, mostly small operators selling to Mexican and foreign tourists. 
The Island Place Historic District is a historic district at Island Place and South Main Street at Market Square in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.  The district includes six historic buildings, three of which are part of the Woonsocket Rubber Company Mill, dating from c. 1857 to c. 1919.  The other buildings in the district are the Island Machine Company (c. 1874), the Barnai Worsted Company Dyeworks (c. 1919), and a wood-frame structure (c. 1870), that is the last surviving elements of the Wilkins Manufacturing Company.  The district is bounded by Market Square, Bernon Street, and a bend in the Blackstone River.[2]  The site is now home to the Museum of Work & Culture, a project of the Rhode Island Historical Society.
Frame semantics is a theory of linguistic meaning developed by Charles J. Fillmore[1] that extends his earlier case grammar. It relates linguistic semantics to encyclopedic knowledge. The basic idea is that one cannot understand the meaning of a single word without access to all the essential knowledge that relates to that word. For example, one would not be able to understand the word "sell" without knowing anything about the situation of commercial transfer, which also involves, among other things, a seller, a buyer, goods, money, the relation between the money and the goods, the relations between the seller and the goods and the money, the relation between the buyer and the goods and the money and so on. Thus, a word activates, or evokes, a frame of semantic knowledge relating to the specific concept to which it refers (or highlights, in frame semantic terminology).
Old Richmond Schoolhouse and Gymnasium is a historic school building and gymnasium located near Tobaccoville, Forsyth County, North Carolina.  The Old Richmond Schoolhouse was built about 1914, and is a one-story, three bay, rectangular frame building with a projecting center bay.  It sits on a brick pier foundation and has a side gable roof with exposed rafter ends.  The gymnasium was built about 1940 with fund by the Works Progress Administration, and is a tall one-story, weatherboard-clad frame building with a gable roof.  The Old Richmond Schoolhouse was restored in 1980 for use as a museum.[2]

Tongogara Refuge Camp is a refugee camp located near Chipinge, Zimbabwe, about 420 km southeast of Harare. It was established in 1984[1][2] after Zimbabwe had become independent from Great Britain, and took in refugees from Mozambique who were fleeing from the war between the government and the Mozambican National Resistance Movement (RENAMO).[3] It is estimated that as many as 58,000 refugees had occupied the camp in 1994.[2] After 1995, many of its members returned to Mozambique, and the camp closed; however, it reopened in 1998 to accommodate refugees from other African countries as well as Europe and Asia.[4] In 2017, the population of the camp was about 10,000.[5] The camp has been supported by United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for housing and clothing, and by United Nations World Food Program (WFP) for money and food, UNICEF for hygiene and sanitation, and other organizations such as Terre des hommes in Italy for health care and education. Geographical coordinates -20.349785, 32.309918. [3][4][6]

The 114th United States Congress began on January 3, 2015. There were 13 new senators (one Democrat, 12 Republicans) and 59 new representatives (15 Democrats, 44 Republicans), as well as two new delegates (one Democrat, one Republican), at the start of its first session. Additionally, seven representatives (two Democrats, five Republicans) took office on various dates in order to fill vacancies during the 114th Congress before it ended on January 3, 2017.
A microsecond is a unit of time in the International System of Units (SI) equal to one millionth (0.000001 or 10−6 or 1⁄1,000,000) of a second. Its symbol is μs, sometimes simplified to us when Unicode is not available.
The Radimichs (also Radimichi) (Belarusian: Радзiмiчы, Russian: Радимичи, Ukrainian: Радимичі and Polish: Radymicze) were an East Slavic tribe of the last several centuries of the 1st millennium, which inhabited upper east parts of the Dnieper down the Sozh and its tributaries. The name probably derives from the name of the forefather of the tribe - Radim. According to Russian chronicle tradition, "... but there were Radimichs from the Lechites family, who came and settled here and paid tribute to Rus, and the wagon was carried to the present day" (a wagon is a type of tax for the right to have one's own prince). However, in the scientific literature, there is no consensus on the ethnicity of the Radimichs. Archaeological evidence indicates that this tribal association had a mixed Slavic-Baltic origin.
Ramona Emilia Romero[1] is an American lawyer and former government official. She was the General Counsel of the United States Department of Agriculture and currently serves as Vice President and General Counsel of Princeton University.[2]
Avenida de la Constitución is an important avenue in the Casco Antiguo district of Seville, Andalusia, Spain. It starts from the square known as Puerta de Jerez and reaches the Plaza Nueva, considered the center of the city and where the historic building of the Seville City Council is located. It has a length of 600 m (0.37 mi).
Gordon Westcott (born Myrthus Hickman; November 6, 1903 – October 30, 1935) was an American film actor.
Fucoli-Somepal (full name: Fucoli-Somepal, Fundição de Ferro, S.A.) is an iron foundry company headquartered in Coimbra, Portugal. The company has its industrial facilities in two locations: Coimbra (in Coselhas), and Mealhada (in the civil parish of Pampilhosa).
Burnout is an unincorporated community in Franklin County, Alabama, United States.[1]
In Roma communities in North America and some areas of Europe,[1] the rom baro (lit. 'big man') is the tribal leader. He earns his position through merit, and his decisions ‒ although considered wise ‒ do not have the automatic approval of the community.[2] Other factors in the selection of a rom baro include knowledge of the language of the areas of planned travel and resourcefulness in emergency situations.[3]
Josimar de Carvalho Ferreira, also known as Josimar (born April 9, 1972, in Rio de Janeiro) is a retired Brazilian footballer.
Aldo von Pinelli (1913–1967) was an Italian screenwriter, lyricist and film producer.[1]
The 2013 FA Women's Cup Final was the 43rd final of the FA Women's Cup, England's primary cup competition for women's football teams. The showpiece event was the 20th to be played directly under the auspices of the Football Association (FA). The final was contested between Arsenal Ladies and Bristol Academy on 26 May 2013 at Keepmoat Stadium in Doncaster. Holders Arsenal made its 12th final win.[1]  The win marked the first team trophy for new head coach Shelley Kerr.[2]
Abeotaxanes are a class of taxoid molecules with a core 5/7/6 type ring structure. This structure varies from the 6/8/6 or 6/10/6-membered core ring found in conventional taxoids such as paclitaxel or docetaxel. The core carbon skeleton of a normal natural product taxane (e.g., paclitaxel, docetaxel) has a 6-membered A ring, 8-membered B ring and a 6-membered C ring, combined with conventional side chains. It is the side chains that provide most of the activity for regular taxanes. Abeotaxanes are compounds containing 3 altered ring structures, where ring A is 5 members, ring B is 7 members and ring C is 6 members, combined with conventional side chains.
The phi X 174 (or ΦX174) bacteriophage is a single-stranded DNA (ssDNA) virus that infects Escherichia coli, and the first DNA-based genome to be sequenced. This work was completed by Fred Sanger and his team in 1977.[1] In 1962, Walter Fiers and Robert Sinsheimer had already demonstrated the physical, covalently closed circularity of ΦX174 DNA.[2] Nobel prize winner Arthur Kornberg used ΦX174 as a model to first prove that DNA synthesized in a test tube by purified enzymes could produce all the features of a natural virus, ushering in the age of synthetic biology.[3][4] In 1972–1974, Jerard Hurwitz, Sue Wickner, and Reed Wickner with collaborators identified the genes required to produce the enzymes to catalyze conversion of the single stranded form of the virus to the double stranded replicative form.[5] In 2003, it was reported by Craig Venter's group that the genome of ΦX174 was the first to be completely assembled in vitro from synthesized oligonucleotides.[6] The ΦX174 virus particle has also been successfully assembled in vitro.[7] In 2012, it was shown how its highly overlapping genome can be fully decompressed and still remain functional.[8]
The 2004 Men's European Volleyball League was the first edition of the European Volleyball League, organised by Europe's governing volleyball body, the CEV. The final Four was held in Opava, Czech Republic from 10 to 11 July 2004.
Plano East Senior High School (commonly known as East, Plano East, or PESH) is a public secondary school in Plano, Texas (USA) serving high school juniors and seniors, as well as freshmen and sophomores as a part of the IB World School (beginning with the 2013–2014 school year). It is part of the Plano Independent School District and enrolls students based on the locations of students' homes. Students at Plano East attended one of two feeder high schools: McMillen or Williams.
The Oklahoma Department of Consumer Credit (ODCC) is an agency of the state of Oklahoma. The department regulates the consumer lending business in Oklahoma by overseeing non-commercial credit, small loans, installment sales and usury. The department also investigates and licenses creditors of the state.
The 1987–88 Idaho Vandals men's basketball team represented the University of Idaho during the 1987–88 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Members of the Big Sky Conference, the Vandals were led by second-year head coach Tim Floyd and played their home games on campus at the Kibbie Dome in Moscow, Idaho.
Savino (Russian: Са́вино) is an urban locality (a settlement) and the administrative center of Savinsky District of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located 65 kilometers (40 mi) south of Ivanovo, near the Uvod and Shizhegda Rivers. Population: 4,722 (2021 Census);[5] 5,507 (2010 Census);[1] 6,349 (2002 Census);[6] 7,309 (1989 Census).[7]
Iter Facere is the first album from the band Pilotdrift.  The band recorded, produced, mastered, and released the LP themselves.  It is now out of print.
Padua “Gino Allegri” Airport[2] (Italian: Aeroporto di Padova “Gino Allegri”) (ICAO: LIPU) is an airport serving Padua, Veneto, Italy.
Krychów pronounced [ˈkrɨxuv] is a village neighbourhood (Polish: kolonia) in the administrative district of Gmina Hańsk, within Włodawa County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland. In 1975–98 the settlement belonged administratively to Chełm Voivodeship.[1]
Waleed Bahar Mousa (Arabic: وليد بحر موسى; born 27 April 1991) is an Iraqi defender. Bahar currently plays with Jordanian club Al-Jazeera and has played for the Iraq national football team.
UpdateStar is a freeware software application providing update information for approximately 1.3 million software programs.[1] Implementing a social computing aspect, the update database is maintained by the users. UpdateStar uses advertising to refinance the free service and shares ad revenue 50/50 with the software authors via their Share program.

Kathleen Cecilia Nott FRSL (11 February 1905 – 20 February 1999) was a British poet, novelist, critic, philosopher and editor.
The Benjamin Franklin True Patriot Act (H.R. 3171) is a bill introduced in the United States House of Representatives intended to review the previously passed USA PATRIOT Act. The bill was referred to subcommittees where it languished without action taken before the end of the 108th United States Congress. The bill will have to be reintroduced in order to be considered again.
Little Falls is an area of rapids located where the Potomac River crosses the Atlantic Seaboard fall line where Washington, DC; Maryland; and Virginia meet. Descending from the harder and older rocks of the Piedmont Plateau to the softer sediments of the Atlantic coastal plain, it is the first upstream "cataract", or barrier, to navigation encountered on the Potomac River.[2] It may be viewed from the heavily trafficked Chain Bridge, about a half mile downstream. It is named in contradistinction to Great Falls, about 5 miles further upstream.
Ignacio "Nacho" Castillo Ameyugo (born 3 July 2000) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for CD Mirandés B.
The Billboard Latin Music Award for Top Latin Album of the Year is an honor presented annually at the Billboard Latin Music Awards, a ceremony which honors "the most popular albums, songs, and performers in Latin music, as determined by the actual sales, radio airplay, online streaming and social data that informs Billboard's weekly charts."[1] The award is given to the best performing albums on Billboard's Top Latin Albums chart, which measures the most popular Spanish-language recordings in the United States based on a multi-metric system that blends sales and album-equivalent units.[2][3] The list was established by the magazine on July 10, 1993 and was originally based on album sales until February 11, 2017.[3][4] From 1994 to 2007, each music genre's field (pop, tropical, Regional Mexican, jazz, rap, and reggaeton) had their own Album of the Year category, separated between male, female, and duo or group categories.
Richard Beckhard (1918–1999) was an American organizational theorist, adjunct professor at MIT, and  pioneer in the field of organization development.
The 2019 Arizona Wildcats football team represented the University of Arizona in the 2019 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The season marked the Wildcats' 120th season. They played their home games at Arizona Stadium in Tucson, Arizona (for the 91st year) and competed as members of the South Division (9th season) in the Pac-12 Conference (42nd overall season). They were led by second-year head coach Kevin Sumlin. They finished the season 4–8, 2–7 in Pac-12 play to finish in last place in the South Division.
Dr. David D. Ginty (born 1962) is an American neuroscientist and developmental biologist.
The Botlikh people (also known as Bótligh, Botlig, Botlog or Buikhatli) are an Andi–Dido people of Dagestan. Until the 1930s they were considered a distinct people. Since that time they have been classified as Caucasian Avars and have faced a campaign to have them assimilate into that population. The Botlikh are primarily Sunni Muslims.[2][3]
The Mistassibi River is a river in central Quebec, Canada. It is 298 kilometres (185 mi) long and has a drainage basin of 9,325 square kilometres (3,600 sq mi). Its source is an area with unnamed lakes about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Canso Bay of Lake Albanel, eastern neighbor of Lake Mistassini.[1]

Elias Saba (Arabic: إلياس سابا; 10 July 1932 – 22 May 2023) was a Lebanese politician and economist.
KERB-FM (106.3 FM) was a radio station broadcasting a Spanish religious format in Kermit, Texas. The station was last owned by La Radio Cristiana Network, Inc.[1]
The Volleyball 2018–19 V.League Division 1 Women's was the 25th tournament year and the 1st top level women's tournament of the newly branded and reorganized V.League (Japan). It was held from November 3, 2018 – April 13, 2019.[3][4]
Multichannel marketing is the blending of different distribution and promotional channels for the purpose of marketing. Distribution channels include a retail storefront, a website, or a mail-order catalogue.
Twinemen is an alternative rock band based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, USA created by former members of the bands Morphine and Face to Face. The group includes Dana Colley (saxophone / vocals), Billy Conway (percussion / vocals / sometimes acoustic guitar), and Laurie Sargent (lead singer / lead guitar). Various bass players, including former Face to Face guitarist Stuart Kimball, also perform with the band on the road and in the studio. Twinemen's music includes a mix of jazz, blues, acid rock, and lounge.
The Lewiston Broncs were a minor league baseball team in the northwest United States, based in Lewiston, Idaho, and played from 1952 through 1974. Locally, the team was known as "Lewis-Clark"  to include the adjacent twin city of Clarkston, Washington. The team's ballpark was Bengal Field,[1] a few blocks southeast of the high school.
Ronnie Goodman (1961 – August 7, 2020) was a homeless artist who lived on the streets of San Francisco, California. Goodman became a local celebrity after the quality of his artwork gained recognition. He was also known as a distance runner who competed in local marathons. Goodman's character, artwork and biography which appeared in newspapers, Runner's World magazine and documentaries, helped humanize the homeless crisis in San Francisco.[1][2] Goodman died in his encampment in the Mission District of San Francisco on August 7, 2020, aged 60.
Joplin Regional Airport (IATA: JLN, ICAO: KJLN, FAA LID: JLN) is located four miles (6.4 km) north of Joplin, in Jasper County, Missouri.[1] It has airline service, which is subsidized by the Essential Air Service program.
Milyan, also known as Lycian B and previously Lycian 2, is an extinct ancient Anatolian language. It is attested from three inscriptions: two poems of 34 and 71 engraved lines, respectively, on the so-called Xanthian stele (or Xanthian Obelisk, found at Xanthos (which was known to the Lycians as Arñna), and another, shorter, inscription (nine lines) on a sarcophagus at Antiphellus (Habessus). All three poems are divided in strophes.
Tony Kingsbury
Conservative
Daouda Ly (born 21 October 1972) is a retired Senegalese football goalkeeper.
In information technology and computer science, the pattern of applying one-way mutations on an immutable data state is called unidirectional data flow. Separation of state changes from presentation has many benefits and was popularized with Redux for unidirectional data flow combined with React for presenting, or rendering, data state.
Evil Genius is the seventeenth studio album by American rapper Gucci Mane. It was released on December 7, 2018, by Atlantic Records and GUWOP Enterprises.[1] The album features guest appearances from Quavo, 21 Savage, YoungBoy Never Broke Again, Kevin Gates, Bruno Mars, Kodak Black, Migos, Lil Yachty, Lil Skies, and Lil Pump, while the production was handled by Southside, Metro Boomin, Murda Beatz, Honorable C.N.O.T.E. and OG Parker, among others.[2]
Bikzyan (Russian: Бикзян; Bashkir: Бикйән, Bikyän) is a rural locality (a village) in Burayevsky Selsoviet, Burayevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 183 as of 2010.[2] There are w streets.
Valdemaras is a Lithuanian masculine given name, from Old High German name Waldemar. Its shortened form is Valdas.
Lone Elm is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States.[1]  As of the 2020 census, the population of the city was 27.[3]
The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner (OCME) is the agency of the government of Oklahoma (USA) responsible for investigating sudden, unexpected, violent or suspicious deaths. In this capacity, OCME provides support services to State law enforcement agencies, prosecutors, and public health officials.
Ahmed Sultan Bin Sulayem (Arabic: أحمد سلطان بن سليّم; born 1978) is an Emirati businessman, and the executive chairman of Dubai Multi Commodities Centre (DMCC),[1] and Jumeirah Lakes Towers (JLT).[2] He is the son of Sultan Ahmed bin Sulayem.[3]
City Weekend was a free, bi-weekly entertainment event and venue listing magazine based out of China.[1][2] Its on-line edition was both autonomous and complementary to the print magazine — City Weekend was "reader-powered" and sources most of its information directly from the expat community. The last publication was in 2018 and they have closed operations in China since then. The website is not maintained anymore.
Wydawnictwo Dolnośląskie is a publishing company founded in 1986 with cooperation with Bertelsmann Media.
Larstinden is a mountain in Lesja Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. The 2,108-metre (6,916 ft) tall mountain lies within Dovrefjell-Sunndalsfjella National Park, about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the village of Dombås. The mountain is surrounded by several other mountains including Drugshøi which is about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the northwest, Store Langvasstinden which is about 1.1 kilometres (0.68 mi) to the west, Nordre Svånåtinden which is about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the southwest, Storstyggesvånåtinden which is 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) to the south, and Snøhetta which is about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the east.
The Open App Markets Act (OAMA)[1] is a proposed antitrust bill in the United States Congress. The Senate version of the legislation, S.2710, was introduced on August 11, 2021, by Richard Blumenthal (D-CT), Amy Klobuchar (D-MN) and Marsha Blackburn (R-TN).[2] On August 13, 2021, a companion bill in the House of Representatives was introduced by Hank Johnson (D-GA) and Ken Buck (R-CO).[3]
Deutschsprachige Mykologische Gesellschaft (DMykG) e.V. (German-Speaking Mycological Society) has been acknowledged as a non-profit organisation. The society was founded in 1961 as a platform for all scientists of the German-speaking area who are interested in mycology either from a medical or veterinary standpoint, i.e. medical mycology or veterinary mycology. To promote science and research is a prime concern. The society is based in the city of Essen. 
Sterry is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Sultan Mehmed Fatih mosque of Krujë (Albanian: Xhamia e Sulltan Mehmed Fatihut) or Fethiye Mosque (Xhamia e Fet'hijes) is an Ottoman-era mosque built before 1481 inside the Krujë Castle of Krujë, Durrës County, Albania. It is near the entrance of the Skanderbeg Museum.
Alan Grofield is a fictional character created by Donald E. Westlake. He is the main protagonist of four of the 28 novels Westlake has written under the pseudonym Richard Stark, and a supporting character in an additional four. Grofield's first appearance was in the novel The Score, which was published in 1964.
The Albrun Pass (German: Albrunpass, Italian: Passo d'Arbola or Bocchetta d'Arbola) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy. It connects Binn in the Binntal on its northern side to Baceno on its southern side. The Albrun Pass is the lowest pass on the main chain of the Alps between the Simplon Pass and the Gotthard Pass.
Carol Anne Meehan (born December 17, 1956) is an Ottawa City Councillor and former news anchor at CJOH.[3]
Minesing Wetlands, previously known as Minesing Swamp, is a Ramsar boreal wetland in central Ontario, Canada stretching from the western periphery of Barrie to Georgian Bay.[2] It was identified and classified through the International Biological Program. It is "the largest and best example of fen bog in southern Ontario",[3] one of the "most diverse undisturbed wetland tracts in Canada"[4] and is a provincially significant Area of Natural and Scientific Interest.[5] The term minesing is of Ojibwe origin and means "island", referring to an island located within Lake Edenvale, which encompassed the present-day wetlands and surrounding areas.[6]
Elmer Ellsworth Wilhoite (May 3, 1930 – August 19, 2008)[1][2] was an American football player and boxer. He played college football for the USC Trojans and was a consensus selection at the guard position on the 1952 College Football All-America Team.
Loreto (Misiones) is a village and municipality in Misiones Province in north-eastern Argentina.[1]
Cuilo is a town and municipality in Lunda Norte Province in Angola.[2] The municipality had a population of 21,004 in 2014.[1]
Robert Rodriguez is an American politician from the state of Colorado. A Democrat, Rodriguez was elected to the 32nd district of the Colorado Senate in 2018 after winning majority vote.[1] He currently serves as a member of the Senate Committee on Legal Service, Judiciary Committee, Legislative Audit Committee, and is Chair of the Business, Labor, and Technology Committee.[2]
Verity of Sydney Town (1950) is a children's book by Australian author Ruth C. Williams; it was illustrated by her husband Rhys Williams.  It was won the Children's Book of the Year Award: Older Readers in 1951.[1]
Idelle Lois Weber (born Tessie Pasternack; March 12, 1932 – March 23, 2020) was an American artist most closely aligned with the Pop art and Photorealist movements.
Operation Golden Fleece (Greek: Επιχείρηση Χρυσόμαλλο Δέρας) was a non-combatant evacuation operation carried out by the Hellenic Navy in August 1993 to evacuate over 1,000 native  Greeks from Georgia fleeing the War in Abkhazia to Greece.[1][2]
Assis Chateaubriand is a municipality in the state of Paraná in the Southern Region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
European Parliament elections were held in Denmark on 15 June 1989 to elect the 16 Danish members of the European Parliament.
The Kenneth W. Monfort College of Business (MCB) is a college of the University of Northern Colorado, United States, which offers seven undergraduate business programs and one graduate program. It is accredited by the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB), and is the sole business school to receive the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.[1]
Dewell is both a given name and surname of English origin.  Notable people with the name include:
The 1994–95 Colonial Hockey League season was the fourth season of the Colonial Hockey League, a North American minor professional league. Eight teams participated in the regular season and the Thunder Bay Senators won the league title.[citation needed]
Nellie A. Hope (June 14, 1864 – October 11, 1918) was an American violinist, music teacher, and orchestra conductor. She founded and conducted the first women's orchestra directed by a woman in the Twin Cities area, "Miss Hope's Ladies' Orchestra".[1] The first orchestra at Macalester College was established by Hope.[2] In Saint Paul, Minnesota, Hope was active in local music circles,[1] her studios at the Chamber of Commerce Building being the center of a busy musical life.[3]
"Scenario" is the third single from A Tribe Called Quest's second album The Low End Theory. The song features members of the rap group Leaders of the New School. Matt Cibula of PopMatters called the track hip-hop's greatest posse cut.[1] The song is commonly considered a breakout moment for Leaders of the New School member Busta Rhymes, who was 19 when this song was released.[2] Time included the song on its list of its All-TIME 100 Songs.[3]
Allogenes is a series of Gnostic texts.[1][2] The main character in these texts is Allogenes (Greek: ἀλλογενής), which translates as 'stranger,' 'foreigner,' or 'of another race.'[3][4] The first text discovered was Allogenes as the third tractate in Codex XI of the Nag Hammadi library.[5] The Coptic manuscript is a translation of a Greek original, likely written in Alexandria before 300 AD.[4] In this text, containing Middle Platonic or Neoplatonic elements,[1] Allogenes receives divine revelations.[4][5]
Winston Van Cuylenburg (born 11 January 1943) is a former Sri Lankan bantamweight and featherweight boxer.
In biology, autolysis, more commonly known as self-digestion, refers to the destruction of a cell through the action of its own enzymes. It may also refer to the digestion of an enzyme by another molecule of the same enzyme.

Rugby League Raw was a regional BBC Sport television programme featuring rugby league action and behind-the-scenes footage from the National Leagues play-offs.
Los Negros Island is the third largest of the Admiralty Islands. It is significant because it contains the main airport of Manus Province on its eastern coastline, at Momote. It is connected to Lorengau, the capital of the province, on Manus Island via a highway and bridge across the Lonui Passage, which separates Los Negros from the larger Manus Island.
Nancy Wilson/Cannonball Adderley is a studio album by Nancy Wilson and Cannonball Adderley issued in February 1962 by Capitol Records.[1] The album rose to No. 30 on the Billboard Top LPs chart.[2]
Sunita Danuwar (born July 16, 1977), is a Nepalese human rights activist and the founder of Sunita Foundation and Shakti Samuha, a non-governmental organization based in Nepal formed by women rescued from brothels in India that works against the trafficking of women.[1]
The Prussian G 4.3 was a class of 0-6-0 goods locomotive of the Prussian State Railways; they were manufactured between 1903 and 1907 by Union Giesserei in Königsberg. The type was developed with the aim of improving the running characteristics of 6-coupled locomotives. They proved a more capable design than the normal-type (G 4.2), and so had a higher maximum speed of 60 km/h (37 mph).  However, they were quickly outclassed by increasing weight of freight trains. 
Jan Richter (29 March 1923 – 25 July 1999) was a Czechoslovakian ice hockey player who competed in the 1952 Winter Olympics.[1][2]
Nangle is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

William McLean Hamilton, PC OC (February 23, 1919 – June 7, 1989) was a Canadian politician.
Inna Hermanivna Bohoslovska (Ukrainian: І́нна Ге́рманівна Богосло́вська, Russian: И́нна Ге́рмановна Богосло́вская, alternative spellings: Bogoslovska, Bogoslovskaya) is a former Ukrainian politician and member of the Ukrainian parliament from 2007 to 2014. Bohoslovska was a candidate for President of Ukraine in the 2020 and 2019 Ukrainian presidential elections, with marginal results.
Katey Stone (born April 17, 1966) is a Division I women's ice hockey coach. Stone has accumulated  494 victories and has coached 25 seasons as a head coach with the Harvard Crimson. Stone was the third coach in women's college hockey history to win 300 games. In 2023, reporting from the Boston Globe and The Athletic accused Stone of hazing and abuse, prompting Harvard to open an external investigation.[1][2][3]
Louis Laurent Gabriel de Mortillet (29 August 1821 – 25 September 1898), French archaeologist and anthropologist, was born at Meylan, Isère.
Kazayak-Khusnullino (Russian: Казаяк-Хуснуллино; Bashkir: Ҡаҙаяҡ-Хөснулла, Qaźayaq-Xösnulla) is a rural locality (a village) in Krasnovoskhodsky Selsoviet, Iglinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 53 as of 2010.[2] There are 2 streets.
Centrex, the common name of the Central Police Training and Development Authority (CPTDA), was established under Part 4 of the Criminal Justice and Police Act 2001, and was the primary means of police training in England and Wales. It was based at Bramshill House, formerly known as the Police Staff College, Bramshill. Centrex had the responsibility for many aspects of police training and development. There had been a move away from running police training centres to running police trainee/initial probationer courses in-house under the auspices of Centrex. Centrex was replaced by the National Policing Improvement Agency (NPIA) on 1 April 2007.[1][2]
The Navistar DT engine family is a line of mid-range inline-6 diesel engines. With 
horsepower ratings ranging from 170 hp (130 kW) to 350 hp (260 kW), the Navistar DT engines are used primarily in medium-duty truck and bus applications such as school buses, although some versions have been developed for heavy-duty regional-haul and severe-service applications.
Prior to 1986, Navistar International, then known as International Harvester Company, used the DT engine in farm and construction equipment.
Kala Keerthi Sumana Jayatillake (born April 23, 1937) is a popular Sinhala broadcaster who produced and hosted children's programmes at SLBC, including Handa Mama. She is married to K. Jayatillake.[1]

Shane Suska (born 23 May 1973 in Maitland, New South Wales) is an Australian sprint canoeist who competed in the early 2000s. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, he was eliminated in the semifinals of the K-4 1000 m event.[1][2]
Stars is the twelfth studio album by American singer-actress Cher, released on April 19, 1975, by Warner Bros. Records. A covers album of rock, pop and other hits, Stars was one in a string of commercial disappointments for Cher in the late 1970s.[1][2] It charted at number 153 on the Billboard 200 at the end of May 1975.[3] Cher's earnest delivery of ballads and uptempo numbers was overwhelmed in a market newly dominated by disco. After two more albums that sold even less well, Cher made a successful (if temporary) comeback in 1979 with the disco album Take Me Home.[4]
Barnowiec [barˈnɔvʲɛt͡s] (German: Reinfeld) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołczygłowy, within Bytów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of Kołczygłowy, 20 km (12 mi) north-west of Bytów, and 93 km (58 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Kotambewaththe Gedara Dilshi Maheesha Shyamali Kumarasingha (Sinhala: කෝතම්බෙවත්ත ගෙදර දිල්ෂි මහීෂා ශ්‍යාමාලි කුමාරසිංහ) also simply known as K. G. D. M. S. Kumarasinghe or Dilshi Kumarasinghe (Sinhala: දිල්ෂි කුමාරසිංහ) aka Shyamali Kumarasinghe (born 11 May 1999) is a Sri Lankan track and field athlete and a national record holder in women's 800m.[1][2][3][4] She is currently coached by Susantha Fernando.
Herman Le Compte (April 26, 1929, in Aalst – January 3, 2008, in Knokke) was a Belgian physician and gerontologist.
TV Guide is an American biweekly magazine that provides television program listings information as well as television-related news, celebrity interviews and gossip, film reviews, crossword puzzles, and, in some issues, horoscopes. The print magazine's operating company, TV Guide Magazine LLC, is owned by NTVB Media since 2015.[3] The magazine was spun off from TV Guide in 2008 by then-owner Macrovision to OpenGate Capital for $1 and a $9.5 million loan.[3]
Harley Herman Sadler (September 4, 1892 – October 14, 1954) was an American showman, oilman, and state legislator from Texas. He performed in tent shows.
Ethel M. Cochrane (born September 23, 1937) is a former Canadian Senator having represented the province of Newfoundland and Labrador from 1986 until 2012.
Tatakae! Osper (戦え!オスパー, Tatakae! Osupā, "Fight! Osper") is a Japanese manga series written by Kōichi Yamano and drawn by Takashi Ina that was serialized in Shōnen Gahōsha's Weekly Shōnen King, as well as an anime series also written by Yamano.
Fernando Cortez (born October 29, 1981) is a former Major League Baseball  infielder. His last MLB team was the Kansas City Royals.
Hulu Terengganu (Upper Terengganu) is an interior district of Terengganu, Malaysia. The seat of the district is Kuala Berang, located about 40 km (25 mi) from the state capital, Kuala Terengganu. The local government of this district is Hulu Terengganu District Council.
Dyna Music Entertainment Corporation is a Filipino record label.[1] It is one of the major record companies in the Philippines; in the 1960s, it was the country's largest licensee of foreign labels.[2] The first independent record label in the Philippines, Dyna Music was founded as Dyna Products Inc. by businessman James Go Dy in 1959.[3] It is a member of the Philippine Association of the Record Industry (PARI).[4]
Kovanh Namthavixay (born 23 July 1987) is a Laotian footballer Manager, AFC A LICENSE who Head Coach for Lao Army FC in the Lao League 1. He is an international player.[1]
The Trail of the Sky Raiders is a 1982 role-playing game adventure for Traveller published by FASA.
French Squash Federation ("Fédération Française de Squash" in French), also known as the FFSquash is an organisation set up in 1980 that takes charge of the organisation, co-ordination and promotion of squash in France. It is recognised by the World Squash Federation and by the French Minister for Sports.
"Nada De Ti" is a song recorded by Mexican singer Paulina Rubio, taken from her third studio album El Tiempo Es Oro (1995). It was released as the album's second single on March 12, 1995, and distributed by EMI Latin as a CD single. The track was written by Marco Flores and produced by Miguel Blasco, and was recorded in Madrid, Spain. Musically, it is a Latin pop song with elements of pop rock and tropical music that lyrically talk about overcome a bad relationship.
The Amalgamated Center, also known as the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America Office Building, was built by the Bethany Brotherhood, which was funded by John Wanamaker, in 1900, in Philadelphia. The building was added to in 1912, and served as a working class social club and community center.  In 1934 the building was sold to the Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America labor union which expanded the building in 1937 and 1967. During the 1980s the building was made into doctors' offices and a day care center.[2]
Ken-Ichi Inada (稲田 献一, Inada Ken'ichi, March 8, 1925 – May 17, 2002) was a Japanese economist.
Maurice Rocco (born Maurice John Rockhold; June 26, 1915 – March 24, 1976)[1] was an American pianist, singer, actor, and composer known for playing boogie-woogie piano and his disdain for using a piano bench. He was a top nightclub and theater draw in the 1940s, and made several film appearances. He toured the United States, Canada, and Europe before becoming a fixture in Bangkok, Thailand, where he was murdered.
Peter "Madcat" Ruth can be heard playing his harmonica on over 130 CD's and LP's, from a wide variety of musicians and genres.
Tiffany Roberts is an American politician from Maine. Roberts, a Democrat from South Berwick, has served in the Maine House of Representatives since 2019.[1]
The Belarusian Ice Hockey Hall of Fame is the national ice hockey hall of fame in Belarus. It was established on February 10, 2012 in Minsk, with the induction of Ruslan Salei, who perished in the 2011 Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash.[1]
39°54′40″N 77°49′08″W﻿ / ﻿39.911°N 77.819°W﻿ / 39.911; -77.819
Albuixech (Valencian pronunciation: [albujˈʃek], modern Valencian spelling: Albuixec, Spanish: Albuixech) is a municipality in the comarca of Horta Nord in the Valencian Community, Spain.
Edward Earl Hartman (March 10, 1899 – March 5, 1974)[1] was an American boxer who competed in the 1920 Summer Olympics. In 1920, he was eliminated in the quarterfinals of the bantamweight class after losing to the upcoming gold medalist Clarence Walker. Hartman was born in Philadelphia.[2]
The Johnson-Hach House is a historic house in Clarksville, Tennessee, U.S.. It was built circa 1877 for Polk Grundy Johnson, the son of Congressman Cave Johnson.[2] It was purchased in 1917 by Adolph Hach, a German-born businessman who invested in tobacco production.[2] The house remained in the Hach family until 1992.[2]
Moshi Urban District (officially known as Moshi City Council) is an administrative district located in Kilimanjaro Region of Tanzania. The district is home to regional capital of Kilimanjaro Region, namely Moshi. The district covers an area of 63.39 km2 (24.48 sq mi).[2] The district is surrounded on the west by Moshi Rural District, to the east by the Hai District.
According to the 2012 Tanzania National Census, the population of Moshi Urban District was 184,292.[3]

Otago is a region in the South Island of New Zealand. It contains numerous rural primary schools, several small town primary and secondary schools, and some big city schools in Dunedin.
In New Zealand schools, students begin formal education in Year 1 at the age of five.[1] Year 13 is the final year of secondary education. Years 14 and 15 refer to adult education facilities. 
State schools are those fully funded by the government and at which no fees for tuition of domestic students (i.e. New Zealand citizens and permanent residents, and Australian citizens) can be charged, although a donation is commonly requested.[2] A state integrated school is a former private school with a special character based on a religious or philosophical belief that has been integrated into the state system. State integrated schools charge "attendance dues" to cover the building and maintenance of school buildings, which are not owned by the government, but otherwise they like state schools cannot charge fees for tuition of domestic students but may request a donation. As Dunedin was founded by Presbyterian Scottish settlers there are a Presbyterian girls' and boys' school in the city. Private schools charge fees to its students for tuition, as do state and state integrated schools for tuition of international students.[3] Unlike other major cities in New Zealand, Dunedin does not have any private intermediate or high schools. All remaining private intermediate and high schools have been integrated into the state system.
UFFA (Norwegian: Ungdom for fri aktivitet; English: Youth for free activity) is an anarchist youth house in Trondheim, Norway. The self-managed social centre provides a location for concerts and self-organised activities such as an infoshop at the Ivar Matlaus Bokkafé, a hacklab and an anarchist newspaper. Squatted in 1981, it moved to its present location the following year. The centre was burnt down in 2010 and then rebuilt.
Stone walls are a kind of masonry construction that has been used for thousands of years.  The first stone walls were constructed by farmers and primitive people by piling loose field stones into a dry stone wall. Later, mortar and plaster were used, especially in the construction of city walls, castles, and other fortifications before and during the Middle Ages. These stone walls are spread throughout the world in different forms. One of the best example is the Cyclopean Wall in Rajgir, India.[1]
Wikipedia does not currently have an article on "rupestris", but its sister project Wiktionary does:
The Arkansas Rampage was a women's football team based in Rogers, Arkansas.  The team participated in the Women's Spring Football League in 2011 and 2012.
Nur Diansyah (born 18 December 1998) is an Indonesian professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Liga 1 club PSS Sleman.[2]
The BDC Building, 22-storey office tower (91.5 m), is the 6th tallest building in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada. Originally the building was known as the IBM Building when it first opened in 1972.[1] The "BDC" stands for the Business Development Bank of Canada.[2] It stands on the corners of Main Street West and MacNab Street South.
Julius Bastian Olsen (15 June 1875 – 26 July 1936) was a Norwegian blacksmith, works manager and politician.
Informally established in the early 1990s, the Federal Networking Council (FNC) was later chartered by the US National Science and Technology Council's Committee on Computing, Information and Communications (CCIC) to continue to act as a forum for networking collaborations among US federal agencies to meet their research, education, and operational mission goals and to bridge the gap between the advanced networking technologies being developed by research FNC agencies and the ultimate acquisition of mature version of these technologies from the commercial sector.  The FNC consisted of a group made up of representatives from the United States Department of Defense (DoD), the National Science Foundation, the Department of Energy, and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), among others.[citation needed]
Uddingston Shinty Club is a  shinty club which plays in Uddingston, South Lanarkshire, Scotland. It plays in South Division Two.

John Carey LL.D. (1756–1826) was an Irish classical scholar.
A kodachi (小太刀, こだち), literally translating into "small or short tachi (sword)", is one of the traditionally made Japanese swords (nihontō) used by the samurai class of feudal Japan. Kodachi are from the early Kamakura period (1185–1333) and are in the shape of a tachi. Kodachi are mounted in tachi style, but with a length of less than 60 cm.[1] They are often confused with wakizashi, due to their length and handling techniques. However, their construction is what sets the two apart, as kodachi are a set length while wakizashi are forged to complement the wielder's height or the length of their katana.[2] As a result, the kodachi was too short to be called a sword properly but was also too long to be considered a dagger, thus it is widely considered a primary short sword, unlike the tantō or the wakizashi which would act as a secondary weapon that was used alongside a longer blade.
The 42nd Regiment Illinois Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War. It is one of the 300 fighting regiments.
Pinacolone (3,3-dimethyl-2-butanone) is an important ketone in organic chemistry. It is a colorless liquid and has a slight peppermint- or camphor- odor. It is a precursor to triazolylpinacolone in the synthesis of the fungicide triadimefon and in synthesis of the herbicide metribuzin.  The molecule is an unsymmetrical ketone.  The α-methyl group can participate in condensation reactions. The carbonyl group can undergo the usual reactions (hydrogenation, reductive amination, etc.). It is a Schedule 3 compound under the Chemical Weapons Convention 1993, due to being related to pinacolyl alcohol, which is used in the production of soman.[2] It is also a controlled export in Australia Group member states.[3]
Chief Dull Knife College is a public tribal land-grant community college on the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Lame Deer, Montana. It is an open-admission college with about 141 students. On average, more than half of its graduates move on to four-year colleges.
Niagara University (NU) is a private Catholic university in the Vincentian tradition in Lewiston in Niagara County, New York. It is run by the Congregation of the Mission and has 3,300 undergraduate students in 50 academic programs. Approximately half of the students are residents while the other half commute from the surrounding area. It was listed as a census-designated place in 2020.[3]
Emma Garo (also known as Emma Garo Ma’aramo) is a lawyer and currently Chief Magistrate in the Solomon Islands.[1][2] She was one of the first qualified women lawyers in the country.[3]
Huw Cae Llwyd (c.1431 - c.1504) was a Welsh language poet from Llandderfel in the Dee valley of Merioneth as he witnessed in his Cywydd y Wennol (Poem to the Swallow).
Pima is a town in Graham County, Arizona, United States. As of the 2010 census, the population of the town was 2,387,[3] up from 1,989 in 2000. The estimated population in 2018 was 2,512.[4] Pima is part of the Safford Micropolitan Statistical Area.
KVOC is a commercial radio station licensed to Casper, Wyoming operating on 1230 kHz.
John Martin
Republican
Jean-François Bergeron (born July 26, 1973) is a Canadian former professional boxer. As an amateur, he represented his native country at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, Georgia.
For-profit hospitals, sometimes referred to as alternatively investor-owned hospitals, are investor-owned hospitals or hospital networks. Many of the for-profit hospitals are located in Europe and North America, with many of them established particularly in the United States during the late twentieth century. In contrast to the traditional and more common non-profit hospitals, they attempt to garner a profit for their shareholders. The highest charging hospitals in the US are for profit, according to a study published in the journal Health Affairs in 2015.[1]
John Newey (c.1711-20 April 1737) was the eldest son of John Newey and Ann (née Wheeler).[1]
Pala d'Oro (Italian, "Golden Pall" or "Golden Cloth") is the high altar retable of the Basilica di San Marco in Venice. It is universally recognized as one of the most refined and accomplished works of Byzantine enamel, with both front and rear sides decorated.
La Revancha mine, full name Ampliación La Revancha[1] and often known as the Chicomuselo baryte mine is a baryte mine, located in Chicomuselo, in Chiapas, Mexico.
The Pointe Ronde is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif, overlooking Trient in the canton of Valais. It lies near the northern end of the Arête de la Lys, the ridge descending in a north-westerly direction from the Génépi towards the Col de la Forclaz.
Good-byes and Butterflies is a studio album by Canadian rock band the Five Man Electrical Band.[2] The album includes the band's biggest hit, "Signs," which peaked at #3 on the Billboard Hot 100.[3][4] The album was released in 1970, and then re-released in 1971 with different cover art. The album reached #52 in the Canadian RPM Magazine charts.[5]
The Treaty of Bosque Redondo (also the Navajo Treaty of 1868 or Treaty of Fort Sumner, Navajo Naal Tsoos Sani or Naaltsoos Sání[1][2][a]) was an agreement between the Navajo and the US Federal Government signed on June 1, 1868. It ended the Navajo Wars and allowed for the return of those held in internment camps at Fort Sumner following the Long Walk of 1864.[4]: 699  The treaty effectively established the Navajo as a sovereign nation.[5]: 58 
The Iranian village of Bonari-ye Olya (Persian: بناري عليا, also Romanized as Bonārī-ye ‘Olyā; also known as Banārī-ye Bālā, Benāri-ye Bālā, and Bonārī-ye Bālā)[1] is located in Charam Rural District, in the Central District of Charam County, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad Province. At the 2006 census, its population was 322, in 56 families.[2]
Bulamaji (Persian: بولاماجي, also Romanized as Būlāmājī, Bulamāji, and Boolamaji; also known as Balā Māchī, Bolāmājī, and Bula-Madzhid)[1] is a village in Sojas Rud Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 755, in 197 families.[2]
WVBU-FM (90.5 FM) is a public broadcasting station licensed to Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, United States. The station is currently owned by Northeastern Pennsylvania Educational TV, the owner and operator of WVIA-FM and other broadcasting outlets in the region |WVIA.org|. For most of its broadcasting life, WVBU-FM was owned by Bucknell University, and operated as a student-run activity. It was commonly known as the “Voice of Bucknell University.”[1]
Kevin Niclas Mensah (Danish pronunciation: [ˈkʰevin ˈne̝klæs ˈmensæ]; born 10 May 1991) is a Danish professional footballer who plays as a full-back for the Danish Superliga club Brøndby IF.
Delphin Dougie Jerk Tshiembe (born 7 December 1991) is a Danish/Congolese footballer who plays as a centre-back for Fram Reykjavík.
The 1911 Oregon Webfoots football team represented the University of Oregon in the 1911 college football season. It was the Webfoots' 19th overall season and they competed as an independent.[1] The team was led by head coach Bill Warner, in his second year, and played their home games at Kincaid Field in Eugene and at Multnomah Field in Portland.
Labastidette (French pronunciation: ​[labastidɛt]; Occitan: La Bastideta) is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.
Guðmundur Finnbogason (June 6, 1873 – July 17, 1944)[1] was an Icelandic philosopher,  the son of Guðrún Jónsdóttir and Finnbogi Finnbogason.[2] He was one of the first Icelandic psychologists. His work "Sympathetic Understanding" inspired Jean Piaget's development stages model.
Gasper Lawal (born 23 September 1948 in Ijebu Ode, Nigeria)[1] is a Nigerian drummer, griot, and composer who has publicized traditional African percussive languages in the West. As a performer, his "Afriki" sound created a fusion of Nigerian percussion styles with rock and jazz.[2]
Jumper cables, booster cables or jumper leads are electric cables to connect two rail or road vehicles.[1][2][3]
Jaroslav Volek (15 July 1923, Trenčín – 23 February 1989, Prague) was a Czech musicologist, semiotician who developed a theory of modal music. His theory included ideas of poly-modality and alteration of notes that he called "flex," which result in what he called the system of flexible diatonics. He applied this theory to the work of Béla Bartók and Leoš Janáček. He wrote General Theory of Art based on semiotic concepts in 1968.
Guri i Kuq (Albanian: Guri i Kuq or Guri i Verdhë; Serbian: Жути камен, Žuti kamen, translated as "yellow rock") is a mountain in the Prokletije in Kosovo. Reaching a height of  2,522 m (8,274 ft) high, it is one of the highest mountains in the range.[1] North of the mountain is the Rugova Canyon. The Kopranik mountain are located just east of Žuti kamen.[citation needed] There is a lake near the summit of the mountain, the Guri i Kuq Lake.
The Adirondack League Club is an organization that owns a large piece of wilderness land in the New York State Adirondack Park. 
Velika Planina Ski Resort is a Slovenian ski resort located in Kamnik-Savinja Alps mountain in municipality of Kamnik. Velika Planina is a family ski resort, which has 6 km of ski slopes.
Richard Archibald Zoll (December 10, 1913 – September 6, 1985) was an American professional football player in the National Football League for the Cleveland Rams and Green Bay Packers from 1937 to 1939 as a guard and tackle. He played at the collegiate level at Indiana University-Bloomington.[1] He was also the brother of original Packers Martin and Carl Zoll.[2]
Aliaksei Mikalayevich Nichypar (Belarusian: Аляксей Мікалаевіч Нічыпар; born 10 April 1993) is a Belarusian athlete specialising in the shot put.[2] He represented his country at the 2017 World Championships without qualifying for the final.
The City Club of Chicago  is a 501 (c)(3) nonpartisan, nonprofit membership organization intended to foster civic responsibility, promote public issues, and provide Chicago, Cook County, and Illinois with a forum for open political debate.  The organization attracts those interested in civic responsibility, public issues, politics and networking opportunities. Affiliates of the club include prominent business, civic, and governmental leaders in Chicago. Founded in 1903, it is the longest-running public policy forum in Chicago.
Joseph E. Kuhn (June 14, 1864 – November 12, 1935) was a career officer in the United States Army.  He attained the rank of major general, and was most notable for his command of the 79th Division during World War I, and his post-war commands of IX Corps, Schofield Barracks, and Vancouver Barracks.
Nielson is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Cuttitta Cup is a trophy in rugby union awarded to the winner of the annual Six Nations Championship match between Italy and Scotland.
A fantasy sport (also known less commonly as rotisserie or roto) is a game, often played using the Internet, where participants assemble imaginary or virtual teams composed of proxies of real players of a professional sport. These teams compete based on the statistical performance of those players in actual games. This performance is converted into points that are compiled and totaled according to a roster selected by each fantasy team's manager. These point systems can be simple enough to be manually calculated by a "league commissioner" who coordinates and manages the overall league, or points can be compiled and calculated using computers tracking actual results of the professional sport. In fantasy sports, as in real sports team owners draft, trade, and cut (drop) players.
Ivan Yevgenyevich Starkov (Russian: Иван Евгеньевич Старков; born 10 January 1986) is a former football player from Russia. His position was left midfielder.
"Wait Forever" is a song by Robin Gibb, from the album Magnet. It was released as a single in 2003 only in Germany but did not chart.  It was edited to 3:37 for its single version.  The Shanghai Surprise mix version with a length of 6:52 was also released in 2003, and was produced by Craig Jones and Porl Young.[1]
The 1979-80 French Rugby Union Championship was won by Béziers beating Toulouse in the final.
McCann v Halpin [2016] IESC 11,[1][2] is a reported Irish Supreme Court case decision concerning the close of business hours.[3] It was decided that 10am to 4pm means "close of business."[4] It was also decided that the rule of construction does not apply because there is no uncertainty. This case, defined the close of business hours and made it clear that the rule of construction should be used in letters of demands or contracts.[4][5][6]
Oksana Kalashnikova and Yaroslava Shvedova were the defending champions, but chose not to participate this year.
Alden T. Vaughan (born 1929) is an American historian, having taught at Columbia University, has published several books about New England and Indians in the 17th and 18th centuries and has been largely collected by libraries. His current research is studying the relationships between the Native Americans and non-native settlers.[1][2][3]
Emmanuelle Millet is a French director and screenwriter.[1][2][3]
Nowy Lindów [ˈnɔvɨ ˈlinduf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kowiesy, within Skierniewice County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of Kowiesy, 27 km (17 mi) east of Skierniewice, and 73 km (45 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Noirémont (French pronunciation: ​[nwaʁemɔ̃]) is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.
Thomas Robert Brookins (September 2, 1906 – June 1988) was an American sportsman and entertainer.  He founded the basketball team that became the Harlem Globetrotters, and toured the world as one half of the vaudeville singing and comedy duo Brookins and Van.
Melanie Leishman (born February 20, 1989)[1][2] is a Canadian actress. She is best known for portraying bespectacled Hannah B. Williams, one of the main characters on the cult[3][4] horror/comedy television series Todd and the Book of Pure Evil. Before that she had a recurring role on Darcy's Wild Life as Kathi Giraldi and raucous comedy series House Party (2008) as desperate to be popular Mandy. Other TV credits include Being Erica, Republic of Doyle and Murdoch Mysteries. She's also voiced several animated roles in series such as Detentionaire and Grojband.
Film roles include musical/slasher Stage Fright (2014) as Liz Silver, comedy-drama The Exchange (2021) as Diane and Christmas romantic-comedy Single All the Way (2021) as Ashleigh.
Ruzsky Uyezd (Рузский уезд) was one of the subdivisions of the Moscow Governorate of the Russian Empire. It was situated in the western part of the governorate. Its administrative centre was Ruza.
Division No. 1, Subdivision U is an unorganized subdivision on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, in Division 1. It contains the unincorporated communities of Admiral's Cove, Bauline East, Bauline South, Burnt Cove, Devils Kitchen, Flat Rock, St. Michaels and Seal Cove.
Mount Gugu is a mountain in central Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region, it has a latitude and longitude of 8°12′N 39°58′E﻿ / ﻿8.200°N 39.967°E﻿ / 8.200; 39.967, with an elevation of 3623 meters.[1] It forms part of the divide between the drainage basins of the Awash and the Shebelle rivers.
A catholicosate or catholicate is a particular ecclesiastical primacy, headed by a primate titled as a catholicos. Such regional primacies exist within various branches of Eastern Christianity, especially those of Oriental Orthodox tradition. The term catholicosate also designates the area of responsibility (territorial or otherwise) of a catholicos. The word is derived from the Greek Καθολικος, meaning "wholeness", and it was used to designate ecclesiastical primacy of some major metropolitan sees.
Two Mile Hill is an area two miles (3.2 km) away from Bridgetown, in Saint Michael Parish, Barbados. The Two Mile Hill area was historically one of the railway stations on the island of Barbados. The Barbados Railway was a part of the island's colonial distribution network for the sugar cane industry while the country was under the control of Britain. The location no longer has a railway and is now instead known more for its Sherbourne Conference Centre.
Sputnik is a search engine owned by Rostelecom, a Russian state-owned telecommunications company. It markets itself as an engine geared towards "local services".[3] At the end of the week of the launch, it was responsible for 0.01% of the search engine traffic in Russia, compared with 62% for Yandex and 28% for Google.[4] It went through the maximum in February 2016, with 11 thousands hits (compared with 121 million hits of Yandex). In January 2017, Sputnik was the 15th most popular search engine in Russia, with 1 / 32,000 times the hits of Yandex. 
County government in Arkansas is a political subdivision of the state established for a more convenient administration of justice and for purposes of providing services for the state by the Constitution of Arkansas and the Arkansas General Assembly through the Arkansas Code. In Arkansas, counties have no inherent authority, only power given to them by the state government. This means the county executive, the county judge, and legislative body, the quorum court (members of the quorum court hold the title justice of the peace, usually abbreviated JP), have limited power compared to other states.
Antonio Royo Marín, O.P. (Morella, Castellón, 9 January 1913 - Villava, 17 April 2005), was a Spanish Dominican priest and theologian. He was an influential theologian and moralist, specially as a Thomist.
The third and largest Battle of Szikszó was fought in October 1588 between the Kingdom of Hungary and the Ottoman Empire as part of the Ottoman–Hungarian wars. The Hungarian forces were fewer in number,[2] but were victorious over the Ottomans.  This unexpected victory was even mentioned by Emperor Rudolf decades after the battle. It was one of the most important Hungarian victories in the post-Mohács period.
The 1970 San Jose State Spartans football team represented San Jose State College[note 1] during the 1970 NCAA University Division football season as a member of the Pacific Coast Athletic Association.[note 2] The team was led by head coach Joe McMullen for only the first three games of the 1970 season. He was replaced by DeWayne "Dewey" King as of the fourth game of the season. They played home games at Spartan Stadium in San Jose, California. They finished the season with a record of two wins and nine losses (2–9, 2–3 PCAA).
In 1968 the Great Transcontinental Electric Car Race was held between student groups at Caltech and MIT.[1][2]
Jim McNaughton (born January 14, 1942) was a Canadian football player who played for the BC Lions and Saskatchewan Roughriders. He won the Grey Cup with the Lions in 1964.[1] He played college football at the Utah State University.
Sally Mayara da Silva (born (1987-03-04)March 4, 1987 in Jaraguá do Sul) is a Brazilian bobsledder.[1]
Arkansas v. Tennessee, 397 U.S. 88 (1970), was a case decided by the United States Supreme Court to settle a dispute between the states of Arkansas and Tennessee as to where a portion of the boundary line between the states should run.
Thomas Raymond Bergeron (born May 6, 1955) is an American television personality, game show host, comedian and actor, best known for hosting Breakfast Time from 1994 to 1997, Hollywood Squares from 1998 to 2004, America's Funniest Home Videos from 2001 to 2015, and Dancing with the Stars from 2005 to 2019 as well as being an anchor on Good Morning America from 1997 to 1998.
The University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Public Health (UWSMPH) is a professional school for the study of medicine and public health at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. It is one of only two medical schools in Wisconsin, along with the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee, and the only public one.
James Hannaham (born 1968[1]) is a writer, performer, and visual artist. His novel Delicious Foods (2015), which deals with human trafficking, won the PEN/Faulkner Award and the Hurston/Wright Legacy Award and was named one of Publishers Weekly's top ten books of the year. The New York Times called it an “ambitious, sweeping novel of American captivity and exploitation.”[2]

Henrietta Frances Phipps (née Lamb, 9 December 1931 – 27 May 2016) was a British landscape gardener. Phipps worked for the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea for many years and "shaped the look of the royal borough".[1]
International law (also known as public international law and the law of nations) is the set of rules, norms, and standards generally recognised as binding between states. It establishes normative guidelines and a common conceptual framework for states across a broad range of domains, including war and diplomacy, economic relations, and human rights. International law differs from state-based domestic legal systems in that it is primarily, though not exclusively, applicable to states, rather than to individuals, and operates largely through consent, since there is no universally accepted authority to enforce it upon sovereign states. States may choose to not abide by international law, and even to breach a treaty but such violations, particularly of peremptory norms, can be met with disapproval by others and in some cases coercive action ranging from diplomatic and economic sanctions to war.
Daisenryaku Perfect HD (大戦略PERFECT 戦場の覇者 Daisenryaku Perfect: Senjou no Hasha) is a turn-based strategy game released by SystemSoft Alpha for the PlayStation 3 on 6 February 2014.
The Faxon House is a historic house at 310 Adams Street in Quincy, Massachusetts.  The oldest portion of this house was built in 1880 by Job Faxon, a Boston-based flour merchant.  His son Henry retained the Boston firm of Shepard and Stearns, and expanded and redesigned the house in Colonial Revival style in 1931, a time when larger estates on Adams Street were being subdivided for development.  The house is one of the most elaborate and well-preserved examples of the style in Quincy.[2]
Zaslonki (Russian: Заслонки) is a rural locality (Russian: деревня, lit. 'village') in Mashkinsky Selsoviet Rural Settlement, Konyshyovsky District, Kursk Oblast, Russia. Population:  26 (2010 Census);[2] 69 (2002 Census);[6]
In Search of Manny is the debut extended play by American alternative rock band Luscious Jackson.[9] The EP was released in 1992 on Grand Royal.[10] It is essentially the band's demo tape, released after Mike D of Grand Royal heard a copy.[3] It was the label's first release.[11]
Carlota Baró Riau (born in Barcelona on March 12, 1989) is a Spanish actress, known mainly for her appearance in the series El secreto del Puente Viejo and Amar es para siempre.[2][3]
L'Éclipse was a French magazine of the nineteenth century, appearing from 1868 to 1876.  Edited by Francis Polo, L'Éclipse was a showcase for the illustrator André Gill, in which he drew caricatures of his illustrious contemporaries.[1]

Alfred George Goodwyn (13 March 1850 – 14 March 1874) was an English Royal Engineer, who represented his regiment at football. He was a member of the Regiment's team that was defeated in the very first FA Cup final. He also represented England in the second international football match against Scotland in 1873.
All of the offshore stations broadcasting to Israel were operating from within Israeli territorial waters under a strange arrangement that attempted to prevent intrusion by terrorists on the one hand, while turning a blind eye to the illegality of the offshore broadcasting operations taking place on board the anchored ships.
Sor Ye Ye is a 1968 musical film. The movie is a co-production between Spain and Mexico, starring Hilda Aguirre, Manuel Gil and Enrique Guzmán. The movie is loosely based on the novel La hermana San Sulpicio.
Nikola Milojević (Serbian Cyrillic: Никола Милојевић, pronounced [nǐkola mǐlojeʋitɕ]; born 19 June 1995) is a Serbian professional tennis player.
Milojević has a career high ATP singles ranking of No. 125, which he achieved on 21 February 2022. He also achieved a career high ATP doubles ranking of No. 252 on 18 February 2019. He reached his highest ranking of no. 1 in ITF Junior rankings on 7 January 2013.[1]
Witness for Peace (WFP) is a United States-based grassroots organization founded in 1983 that opposed the Reagan administration's support of the Nicaraguan Contras, denouncing widespread atrocities by these counterrevolutionary groups. Witness for Peace Solidarity Collective brought U.S. citizens to Nicaragua to see the effects of their government's military policy firsthand. Since the end of the Contra war, they have broadened their focus to other Latin American and Caribbean countries, including Colombia and Honduras.  Within Latin America, the organization is known by the Spanish name Accion Permanente por la Paz.
Bob Gordon Jones (born August 22, 1932) is an American prelate of the Episcopal Church, who served as the Bishop of Wyoming between 1977 and 1996.
Ginseng chicken soup is a type of soup, which involves chicken and ginseng (either panax ginseng, female ginseng, or pseudo ginseng) as one of the main ingredients. Ginseng can typically be cooked with chicken in broth, porridge, and soups.[1] Varieties of ginseng chicken soup can be found in Asian countries, such as China, Malaysia, and Korea.  
Peter Anthony DeFazio (/dɪˈfɑːzioʊ/; born May 27, 1947) is an American politician who served as the U.S. representative for Oregon's 4th congressional district from 1987 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party and is a founder of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. A native of Massachusetts and a veteran of the United States Air Force Reserve, he previously served as a county commissioner in Lane County, Oregon. On December 1, 2021, DeFazio announced he would not seek reelection in 2022.[1]
Rinaldo and Armida is a c.1601 oil on canvas painting by Annibale Carracci, now in the National Museum of Capodimonte. Produced for Odoardo Farnese, it shows an episode from canto XVI of Tasso's Gerusalemme liberata featuring Rinaldo and Armida.

Theo Sidiropoulos (24 July 1924 – 7 October 1998) was a Greek-born Australian politician.
The Historical Society of Baltimore County (HSBC) was founded in 1959 with the goal of preserving, interpreting, and illustrating the history of Baltimore County for the benefit of present and future generations of Marylanders, and is a resource for those interested in researching both local and family history.[1][2] As the HSBC describes it, they "continually accomplish" their mission "through the production of presentations, lectures, workshops, entertaining educational publications, historical tours, and exhibits."[3] Centrally located in Cockeysville, Maryland, the Society operates out of the Agriculture Building, the former Baltimore County Almshouse,[4] which was built in 1872 and used to house the poor and mentally ill of Baltimore County until 1958.[5][6]
"Clear and Wesen Danger" is the 2nd episode of season 5 of the supernatural drama television series Grimm  and the 90th episode overall, which premiered on November 6, 2015, on NBC. The episode was written by Thomas Ian Griffith and was directed by Norberto Barba. In the episode, Nick, Hank and Wu investigate a person who seemingly embezzled money for the company.
Alexey Dmitriev (born 24 December 1985) is a Belarusian-born German professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Löwen Frankfurt of the DEL2
The 1949 Hardin Indians football team was an American football team that represented Hardin College—now known as Midwestern State University–as a member of the Gulf Coast Conference (GCC) during the 1949 college football season. Led by second-year head coach Billy Stamps, the Indians compiled an overall record of 10–1 with a mark of 3–0 in conference play, winning the GCC title.
Mallik or Mallick is a native Bengali surname. The surname is found among the Bengali Kayastha, Namasudra as well as the Bengali Muslim community of India and Bangladesh.
Bagnaia is a village in Tuscany, central Italy, administratively a frazione of the comune of Murlo, province of Siena. At the time of the 2001 census its population was 16.[1]
Shenga Bjemi Gewog (Dzongkha: ཤེལ་རྔ་_སྦྱེ་མི་) is a gewog (village block) of Punakha District, Bhutan.[1][2]
Udalguri railway station is a railway station on Rangiya–Murkongselek section under Rangiya railway division of Northeast Frontier Railway zone. This railway station is situated at Odalguri town in Udalguri district in the Indian state of Assam.[1][2]
Daniel Audiel López Martínez (born 1974) is a Mexican serial killer. Initially serving 8 years for a 1998 murder in Chiapas, he then moved to Ciudad Juárez, where he killed seven people from 2006 to 2010. For his latter crimes, he was sentenced to life imprisonment.[1]
An annular solar eclipse occurred on January 14, 1945. A solar eclipse occurs when the Moon passes between Earth and the Sun, thereby totally or partly obscuring the image of the Sun for a viewer on Earth. An annular solar eclipse occurs when the Moon's apparent diameter is smaller than the Sun's, blocking most of the Sun's light and causing the Sun to look like an annulus (ring). An annular eclipse appears as a partial eclipse over a region of the Earth thousands of kilometres wide. Annularity was visible from Eastern Cape in South Africa, and northeastern Tasmania Island and Furneaux Group in Australia.
Liudmila "Emily" Zamourka (née Grekova; born 1967/1968)[1] is a Moldovan-American singer and musician. She came to prominence in late September 2019 after an LAPD officer filmed and posted a video of her singing a Puccini aria at Wilshire/Normandie station. The video subsequently became popular over social media.
Abdulaziz Al-Mahmoud is a Qatari engineer, journalist and author. He previously served as editor-in-chief of The Peninsula and its Arabic counterpart, Al Sharq.[1] As a writer, his debut novel Al Qursan experienced commercial success after its release in August 2011. The novel was translated into English under the title The Corsair one year later and went on to become one of the best-selling books to be released by a Qatari author.[2]
"I (Who Have Nothing)" (sometimes billed as "I Who Have Nothing") is an English language cover of the Italian song "Uno dei Tanti" (English: "One of Many"), with music by Carlo Donida and lyrics by Giulio "Mogol" Rapetti.[1] The initial version, "Uno dei Tanti", was performed by Joe Sentieri in 1961.
The Zimbabwe Geological Survey, founded in 1910, is Zimbabwe's premier geological research organization.[1]
WFBY is a classic rock formatted broadcast radio station licensed to Buckhannon, West Virginia, serving Bridgeport, Elkins, Philippi, and Weston in West Virginia.[1] WFBY is owned and operated by West Virginia Radio Corporation.[4]
Bad Überkingen is a municipality in the district of Göppingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
The Naval Hospital Bremerton (NHB) is a United States Navy hospital located on Naval Station Bremerton in Bremerton, Washington. Naval Hospital Bremerton is a fully accredited, community-based acute care and obstetrical hospital, currently operating 25 in-patient beds and hosting a variety of ambulatory, acute and specialty clinics.[2]
The Thousand Islands International Bridge (French: Pont des Mille-îles) is an American-maintained international bridge system over the Saint Lawrence River connecting northern New York in the United States with southeastern Ontario in Canada. Constructed in 1937, with additions in 1959, the bridges span the Canada–US border in the middle of the Thousand Islands region. All bridges in the system carry two lanes of traffic, one in each direction, with pedestrian sidewalks.
Iupati is a Polynesian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
GenevaERS is an enterprise reporting system that currently executes in the IBM mainframe z/OS environment.[1] It is similar to MapReduce or Apache Spark but predates their development by a decade.  It has been used as a data warehousing ETL, reporting, and application development platform.[2]  It was designed to support business systems using William McCarthy's theory of Resources, Events, Agents.[3]
Jean-Louis Gampert (1884-1942) was a Swiss painter and illustrator.
"False Prophets" is a single by American rapper J. Cole, released on December 5, 2016 along with his single "Everybody Dies". The two songs were previewed in the documentary Eyez.[1]
Eugène Delaplanche (28 February 1836 – 10 January 1891) was a French sculptor, born at Belleville (Seine).
Prikubansky (Russian: Прикуба́нский; masculine), Prikubanskaya (Прикуба́нская; feminine), or Prikubanskoye (Прикуба́нское; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia:
United Supermarkets, d.b.a. The United Family is an American supermarket chain.  With headquarters in Lubbock, Texas, its roots go back to 1916, when H.D. Snell opened his first United Cash Store in Sayre, Oklahoma. The chain has grown to include 95 stores in 30 Texas cities and over 10,000 workers. In 2014 it became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Albertsons.
Khitan (Arabic: ختان) or Khatna (Arabic: ختنة) is the Arabic term for circumcision,[1][2] and the Islamic term for the practice of religious male circumcision in Islamic culture.[3] Male circumcision is widespread in the Muslim world,[3] and accepted as an established practice by all Islamic schools of jurisprudence.[2][4][5] It is considered a sign of belonging to the wider Muslim community (Ummah).[6]
The copper–chlorine cycle (Cu–Cl cycle) is a four-step thermochemical cycle for the production of hydrogen. The Cu–Cl cycle is a hybrid process that employs both thermochemical and electrolysis steps.
It has a maximum temperature requirement of about 530 degrees Celsius.[1]
Forensic materials engineering, a branch of forensic engineering, focuses on the material evidence from crime or accident scenes, seeking  defects in those materials which might explain why an accident occurred, or the source of a specific material to identify a criminal. Many analytical methods used for material identification may be used in investigations, the exact set being determined by the nature of the material in question, be it metal, glass, ceramic, polymer or composite. An important aspect is the analysis of trace evidence such as skid marks on exposed surfaces, where contact between dissimilar materials leaves material traces of one left on the other. Provided the traces can be analysed successfully, then an accident or crime can often be reconstructed. Another aim will be to determine the cause of a broken component using the technique of fractography.
Costorbe Stadium (Estadio de Costorbe in Spanish) was the football stadium of Racing Club de Irún later Real Unión, a main team in Spanish football before the Second World War. Real Unión was formed in 1915 following the merger of Irún Sporting Club and Racing Club de Irún.
Benoît Gréan (born in Strasbourg), is a French poet. He moved first to New York City in the late 1980s, then settled in Rome.[1]
In the 2014–15 season, Espérance Sportive de Tunis competed in the Ligue 1 for the 60th season, as well as the Tunisian Cup.  It was their 60th consecutive season in the top flight of Tunisian football. They competed in Ligue 1, the Champions League, the Confederation Cup and the Tunisian Cup.
Andover School is a public combined elementary, middle and high school with Pre-kindergarten located in Andover, Allegany County, New York, U.S.A., and is the only school operated by the Andover Central School District.
Jakub Husník (29 March 1837 in Vejprnice, near Plzeň – 26 March 1916 in Prague) was a Czech painter, art teacher and inventor of the improved photolithography method.
Li Hongyang (Chinese: 李洪洋; pinyin: Lǐ Hóngyáng; born 1 April 1984, in Tianjin) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Tianjin Teda in the Chinese Super League.
The 2018–19 Wadi Degla season is the 16th season in the football club's history and 7th consecutive and overall season in the top flight of Egyptian football, the Egyptian Premier League, having been promoted from the Egyptian Second Division in 2010. In addition to the domestic league, Wadi Degla also are participating in this season's editions of the domestic cup, the Egypt Cup. The season covers a period from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.
Uranium in the environment is a global health concern, and comes from both natural and man-made sources. Mining, phosphates in agriculture, weapons manufacturing, and nuclear power are sources of uranium in the environment.[1]
Nikki Leonti-Edgar (born August 20, 1981) is an American singer-songwriter. Prior to her work in urban, R&B, and electronic dance music, Leonti recorded contemporary Christian music albums.[1] She lent her vocals to over 250 songs during 4 seasons of the musical comedy-drama television series Glee.
Oleg Kozhemyako
United Russia
Breda is a city in Carroll County, Iowa, United States. The population was 500 at the 2020 census.[3]
John Michael Kerr (January 31, 1950 – July 18, 2016) was an American editor, psychologist, and author raised in New York City. He was best known for his 1993 nonfiction book A Most Dangerous Method: The Story of Jung, Freud, and Sabina Spielrein, which explores an episode in the history of psychoanalysis. It examined the relationship between Sigmund Freud, Carl Jung, and Sabina Spielrein.
Jeff W. Mathis III (December 5, 1955 – June 3, 2016) was a career officer in the United States Army. A longtime member of the Army National Guard, Mathis attained the rank of major general before retiring in 2014. A veteran of overseas deployment to Africa during the Global War on Terrorism, he was most notable for high profile command assignments including Joint Task Force – Civil Support (2012-2014) and I Corps (2009-2010).
Zamušani (pronounced [ˈzaːmuʃani], in older sources also Samožani,[2] German: Samuschen[2]) is a settlement in the Municipality of Gorišnica in northeastern Slovenia. The area traditionally belonged to the Styria region. It is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.[3]
Pietro Gallinari, also known as Pierino del Signor Guido, (1600s–1640) was an Italian painter of the Baroque period. He was a close follower of Guido Reni in Bologna. he painted for the churches and court of Guastalla. He died young, perhaps of poisoning.[1]
Çolaklı is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Manavgat, Antalya Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 7,190 (2022).[2] Before the 2013 reorganisation, it was a town (belde).[3][4]
Corneille Antoine Jean Abram Oudemans or Cornelis Antoon Jan Abraham Oudemans (7 December 1825 – 29 August 1906) was a Dutch botanist and physician who specialized in fungal systematics. 
Liljeholmsbron (Swedish: "The Liljeholmen Bridge") is a bridge in central Stockholm, Sweden. Stretching over Liljeholmsviken, it connects the western end of the major island Södermalm to the southern mainland district Liljeholmen.
The 2015 Syracuse Orange football team represented Syracuse University in the 2015 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Orange were led by third year head coach Scott Shafer and played their home games at the Carrier Dome. They were members of the Atlantic Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference. They finished the season 4–8, 2–6 in ACC play to finish in fifth place in the Atlantic Division.
Roosevelt Street was a street located in the Two Bridges district of Lower Manhattan, which existed from the British colonial period up until the early 1950s, running from Pearl Street at Park Row (Chatham Street) southeast to South Street.[1] It ran parallel to James Street, one block west.[2] The western end of Roosevelt Street later became the walkway from Park Row to the front entrance of the Chatham Green Apartments at 165 Park Row.
Wallace is a census-designated place (CDP) at the far west edge of Calaveras County, California, United States on State Route 12. The population was 403 at the 2010 census, up from 220 at the 2000 census.
Geriatric anesthesia (or geriatric anaesthesia) is the branch of medicine that studies anesthesia approach in elderly.
Leonard Bernstein's Sonata for Clarinet and Piano,[1] written during 1941–42 and published in 1942, was Bernstein's first published piece.[2] It is dedicated to clarinetist David Oppenheim, whom Bernstein met while studying conducting with Serge Koussevitzky at Tanglewood during the summers of 1940 and 1941.
KASBI, Kongres Aliansi Serikat Buruh Indonesia (Congress of Indonesia Unions Alliance) is an Indonesian trade union formed in 2005 by 18 labor unions.[2] In 2011, they were engaged in a strike action with Carrefour, a French retailer which operates a hypermarket chain in Indonesia. Carrefour had allegedly evaded strict Indonesian labor law by treating its employees as contract employees.[3]
Vitasovci (Cyrillic: Витасовци) is a village in the municipality of Novi Grad, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]

Dennis 'Joe' Lyons (26 August 1916 – 29 March 2011) was a British scientist who researched topics ranging from rockets to roundabouts.[1][2] He led the research of the Blue Streak and Black Knight rockets that were developed at the Royal Aircraft Establishment during the 1950s.[2] In 1965 he became the director of the Road Research Laboratory, overseeing the introduction of the breathalyser, motorway crash barriers and compulsory front seat belts.[1][2]
Cobalt WASD is an action video game developed by Oxeye Game Studio and published by Mojang Studios released on 30 November 2017[1] for Microsoft Windows.
Pusić (pronounced [pǔːsitɕ]) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:

Partnership taxation in Hong Kong is the taxation of the profits or losses generated by partnership business entities.  First, these profits or losses of the partnership are assessed according to the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Ordinance, Chapter 112, section 22.  After assessment, then said profits or losses flow through the partnership to the partners who are then taxed on their share of said profits or losses generated by the partnership without any taxes levied against the partnership.
Nitric oxide reductase (cytochrome c) (EC 1.7.2.5) is an enzyme with systematic name nitrous oxide:ferricytochrome-c oxidoreductase.[1][2][3][4][5][6] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
PSR J0523−7125 is a pulsar that, due to its size and brightness, was initially believed to be a distant galaxy.[2] It is located about 160,000 light-years (49,000 parsecs) away in the southern constellation of Dorado, near the center of the Large Magellanic Cloud.[2] Investigation via the Australian Square Kilometre Array Pathfinder showed the pulsar to have a high circular polarization with a steep spectrum.[1] Its rotation measure is twice as large as any other pulsar found in the Large Magellanic Cloud, which also makes it one of the most luminous pulsars ever found.[2]
The 1975-76 Penn State Nittany Lions men's basketball team represented the Pennsylvania State University during the 1975-76 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team was led by 8th-year head coach Johnny Bach, and played their home games at Rec Hall in University Park, Pennsylvania.
It Was All a Dream is the debut studio album released by American girl group Dream. It was released on January 23, 2001 by Bad Boy Records. The album garnered a mixed reception from critics. It Was All a Dream debuted at number 6 on the Billboard 200 and spawned two singles: "He Loves U Not" and "This Is Me". The album sold over 1.5 million copies in the United States and was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. To promote the album, the group toured across North America and the UK with appearances at award shows and talk shows. It remains Dream's only major album release after 2003's "Reality" was shelved and the group was dropped by Bad Boy Records.



The 2015 King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of the King's Lynn and West Norfolk Borough Council in England.[1] It was held on the same day as other local elections.
 Riyadh Nouri (born 1 July 1951) is a former Iraqi football midfielder who played for Iraq in the 1972 AFC Asian Cup and 1974 FIFA World Cup qualification. He played for the national team between 1970 and 1977.[1]
Matija Duh (3 April 1989 – 3 February 2013) was a Slovenian international motorcycle speedway rider.
Douphine is a village in the Arcahaie commune in the Arcahaie Arrondissement, in the Ouest department of Haiti.[1]
The 159th Pennsylvania House of Representatives District is located in Delaware
County. The 159th District lies in the Southeast part of the state. It has been represented by Carol Kazeem since 2022.
Maria Eichhorn (born November 19, 1962, in Bamberg) is a German artist based in Berlin. She is best known for site-specific works and installations that investigate political and economic systems, often revealing their intrinsic absurdity or the extent to which we normalize their complex codes and networks.[1] She represented Germany at the 2022 Venice Biennale.[2]
The dinar was the currency of Sudan between 1992 and 2007. Its ISO 4217 code was "SDD" and had no official subdivision. It replaced the first Sudanese pound and, in turn, was replaced by the second Sudanese pound.
The Interprovincial Amateur Hockey Union (IAHU or IPAHU) was the premier amateur ice hockey league in Canada after the split between the amateur and professional ice hockey teams of the Eastern Canada Amateur Hockey Association (ECAHA) in 1908.
Aleksandra Žvirblytė is a Lithuanian pianist.
The International Council on Shared Parenting (ICSP) is an international non-profit organization that promotes and disseminates scientific research and makes recommendations on the needs and rights of children whose parents do not live together. It organizes the International Conference on Shared Parenting.
A dovetail joint or simply dovetail is a joinery technique most commonly used in woodworking joinery (carpentry), including furniture, cabinets,[1] log buildings, and traditional timber framing. Noted for its resistance to being pulled apart, also known as tensile strength, the dovetail joint is commonly used to join the sides of a drawer to the front. A series of pins cut to extend from the end of one board interlock with a series of 'tails' cut into the end of another board. The pins and tails have a trapezoidal shape. Once glued, a wooden dovetail joint requires no mechanical fasteners.
Mario Roberto Cassari (27 August 1943 – 19 August 2017) was an Italian Roman Catholic archbishop and diplomat. He joined the diplomatic service of the Holy See in 1977 and served as apostolic nuncio in several countries from the time he became an archbishop in 1999 until he retired in 2016.
Obesity in Mexico is a relatively recent phenomenon, having been widespread since the 1980s with the introduction of processed food into much of the Mexican food market. Prior to that, dietary issues were limited to under and malnutrition, which is still a problem in various parts of the country. Following trends already ongoing in other parts of the world, Mexicans have been foregoing the traditional Mexican diet high in whole grains, fruits, legumes and vegetables in favor of a diet with more animal products and processed foods. It has seen dietary energy intake and rates of overweight and obese people rise with seven out of ten at least overweight and a third clinically obese.
Sally Fox (born 1959) is a cotton breeder who breeds naturally colored varieties of cotton. She is the inventor of FoxFibre and founder of the company Natural Cotton Colors Inc. Fox invented the first species of environmentally friendly colored cotton that could be spun into thread on a machine.[1]
"Irresistible You" is a song recorded by American country music artist Ty England.  It was released in August 1996 as the first single from the album Two Ways to Fall.  The song reached #22 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.[1]  The song was written by Billy Lawson.
Franz Schöbel (born 6 April 1956 in Weilheim, Bavaria) is a German cross-country skier who competed from 1980 to 1984. He finished sixth in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo.[1]
Sergio Casal and Emilio Sánchez were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Francisco Clavet and Horst Skoff.
Can We Get Married? (Korean: 우리가 결혼할 수 있을까; RR: Uriga gyeolhonhal su isseulgga) is a 2012 South Korean television series starring Sung Joon, Jung So-min, Lee Mi-sook, Han Groo, and Kim Young-kwang.[1] It aired on JTBC from October 29, 2012 to January 1, 2013 on Mondays and Tuesdays at 23:00 (KST) time slot for 20 episodes. The romantic comedy realistically explores the themes of love, marriage and family against the backdrop of a young couple preparing to get married in 100 days.[2]
Aloglutamol is an antacid, an aluminium compound.[1]  It is a salt of aluminium, gluconic acid, and tris.[2][3] It is usually given orally in doses of 0.5 to 1 g.[4] Proprietary names include Altris, Pyreses, Tasto and Sabro.[4][5]
"Hey Little Cobra" is a song released in 1963 by The Rip Chords about the Shelby Cobra. The song was produced by Terry Melcher and Bruce Johnston, who also sang vocals.[2]
The Telecommunications Company Suriname (Telesur) is the government-owned full telecommunications service provider for Suriname. The services provided by Telesur include telephone, internet and wireless CDMA, GSM, UMTS, HSPA+ and LTE. Telesur is currently running a 900/1800 Mhz GSM, a 2100 MHz HSDPA, and a 450Mhz CDMA EVDO network.
Konglak Haphong[1] or Konglak Hill is one of the most popular tourist spots in Bangladesh, situated among the hills in Sajek Union, Baghaichhari Upazila in Rangamati District.[2] The valley is 1800 feet above sea level.
Dinaran (Persian: ديناران, also Romanized as Dīnārān)[1] is a village in Alan Rural District, in the Central District of Sardasht County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 166, in 31 families.[2]
Henry ʻŌpūkahaʻia (c. 1792–1818) was one of the first native Hawaiians to become a Christian, inspiring American Protestant missionaries to come to the islands during the 19th century. He is credited with starting Hawaii's conversion to Christianity. His name was usually spelled Obookiah during his lifetime. His name Henry is sometimes Hawaiianized as Heneri.
Poul Pagh (14 February 1796 – 30 November 1870) was a Danish merchant and shipowner who played an important role in developing industry and commerce in the city of Aalborg. In 1827, he started a thriving trading business based in N.C. Rasch's mansion on the city's Vesterågade waterfront, which had a ferry pier and an inn. He soon became a shipping operator with his own wharfs, including one in Nørresundby, and later developed a successful timber business. In 1857, he converted a local windmill into the first steam-driven mill in the north of Jutland.[1][2]
Vila Cordeiro will be a monorail station of Line 17-Gold of ViaMobilidade, which is currently under construction, and will connect Line 9-Emerald to Congonhas Airport.
Commonwealth is a 14-foot-6-inch (4.42 m) gilded statue atop the dome of the Pennsylvania State Capitol in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. It is nicknamed Miss Penn and the Spirit of the Commonwealth.[1] It is also sometimes called Letitia, after the daughter of William Penn, the assumed inspiration for the statue.
Fartun Abukar Omar (born August 3, 1986[1]) is a Somali athlete.
William Gelston Bates (November 17, 1803 – July 5, 1880) was an American politician.
The women's 63 kg judo event at the 2015 European Games in Baku was held on 26 June at the Heydar Aliyev Arena.[1]
Arise and Ruin was a Canadian metalcore band from Guelph, Ontario. Its members were Ryan Bauchman (vocals), Ben Alexis (bass), Derek Prince-Cox (drums), and guitarists Brent Munger, Sam Pattison, and Greg Richmond.
The Lebrun Islands are a group of uninhabited islands in the Solomon Sea, belonging to Papua New Guinea.
Jack Vance (born December 15, 1997) is an American tennis player.
The Kechika River is a tributary of the Liard River, about 300 kilometres (190 mi) long, in northern British Columbia, Canada. The Kechika flows generally northwest through the northernmost section of the Rocky Mountain Trench before turning east to join the Liard, a major branch of the Mackenzie River system. The river's 22,700 km2 (8,800 sq mi) drainage basin is characterized by high glaciated peaks, boreal forest, and open tundra. With no settlements, roads or dams along its course, the Kechika is considered "one of British Columbia's finest examples of wilderness and undisturbed wildlife habitat."[5]
John F. Kennedy Catholic School, often referred to as Warren JFK, is a private, Catholic school in Warren, Ohio, United States. It is owned and operated by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Youngstown and is divided into two campuses: the Upper Campus for grades 6–12 and the Lower Campus for grades K–5. The school athletic teams are known as the Eagles. The current building opened in 1964 as a replacement for St. Mary High School and was known as John F. Kennedy High School. Initial plans called for the new building to be named Annunciation High School, but after the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963, area Catholics asked the diocese to name the new school after Kennedy. In 2007, the school expanded to grades K-12 and was renamed John F. Kennedy Catholic School by adding the former Blessed Sacrament School. A junior high school program for 7th and 8th grades was added to the high school building, which was renamed the Upper Campus, while the former Blessed Sacrament School was renamed the Lower Campus for grades K–6. Later, 6th grade was moved to the Upper Campus.[2] As of the 2017–18 school year, the school serves approximately 600 students in grades K–12, with over 300 at the Upper Campus.
Putagán (in mapudungun: "water stream") is a river in Linares Province, Maule Region of Chile. The Putagán is born in the foothills of the Andes and, flowing from east to west, passes south of the village of the same name. Along its course, the river contributes to form the northern border of the municipality of Linares with the following municipalities (from east to west): Colbún, Yerbas Buenas and Villa Alegre, before joining the Loncomilla river.
Matthew A. Zirkle is a Rear admiral with the United States Navy.  He currently serves as chief of staff for U.S. Naval Forces Europe, U.S. Navy Forces Africa and U.S. SIXTH Fleet.[2][3]
Martilandrán is a village and alqueria located in the municipality of Nuñomoral, in Cáceres province, Extremadura, Spain. As of 2020, it has a population of 118.[2]
The Trussell Trust is an NGO and charity that works to end the need for food banks in the United Kingdom. It "is based on, shaped, and guided by Christian principles" and supports a network of over 1,200 food bank centres to provide emergency food and compassionate, practical support to people in crisis, while campaigning for long-term change to the structural issues that lock people into poverty. Its main office is in Salisbury, England.[1]
There are hundreds of kilometres of 600 mm (1 ft 11+5⁄8 in), 750 mm (2 ft 5+1⁄2 in), 785 mm (2 ft 6+29⁄32 in), and 1,000 mm (3 ft 3+3⁄8 in) narrow-gauge lines in Poland. The metre-gauge lines are mostly found in the northwest part of the country in Pomerania, while 785 mm (2 ft 6+29⁄32 in) lines are found only in the Upper Silesia region. 750 mm (2 ft 5+1⁄2 in) is the most commonly used narrow gauge; it is used, for example, in the Rogów Narrow Gauge Railway (Rogowska Kolej Wąskotorowa) and in Tarnowskie Góry with the world's oldest narrow-gauge railway in continuous service since 1853. Some narrow-gauge lines in Poland still operate as common carrier (for example the lines operated by SKPL, the Association of Local Railway Haulage),[1] while others survive as tourist attractions. One of the finest of the latter is the 600 mm (1 ft 11+5⁄8 in) narrow-gauge railway (Żnińska Kolej Powiatowa) running from Żnin via Wenecja (Polish Venice) and famous Biskupin to Gąsawa in the Pałuki region. Railway traditions of Pałuki date back to July 1894 when the first two lines were opened.
Lot and His Daughters is a c. 1621–1623 painting of Lot and his daughters by Orazio Gentileschi, now in the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum in Madrid.[1]
Zhù (Chinese: 祝) is a Chinese surname. (Chuk or Chok in Cantonese), meaning ‘wizard’, ‘prayers’, or ‘to pray’ in ancient Chinese. The origin of the name is either from Zhu (祝), an official post in ancient China[when?] in charge of chanting prayers during religious worship, or (ii) from Zhu (祝), the name of a fief located in modern-day Shandong province during the reign of King Wu of Zhou.[1] According to a 2013 study, it was the 138th-most common surname in China, shared by 1,20,000 people or 0.090% of the population, with the province with the most being Zhejiang.[2]
Thanks To My Eyes is the first opera by the Italian Swiss composer Oscar Bianchi. It was premiered at the Festival d'Aix-en-Provence in 2011[1] and received its Belgian premiere at the La Monnaie in Brussels in March 2012.[2][3] The same year further performances took place in Europe.[1][4][5]
The libretto by Joël Pommerat is based on his former play Grace a mes Yeux.[6]
Souls in Pawn is a 1940 American drama film directed by Melville Shyer and featuring Kenne Duncan, Lloyd Ingraham, Symona Boniface. It was produced by the independent producer Willis Kent.[1]
MV Nicola is an N-class ferry, owned, but not operated by BC Ferries. It is also known as Spirit of Lax Kw' Alaams, a British Columbia First Nations name.[2] Spirit of Lax Kw' Alaams currently runs between Prince Rupert and Port Simpson, (also known as Lax Kw'alaams) a British Columbia First Nations community on British Columbia's North Coast. Overnight the vessel is kept at the Smit tugboat dock in Prince Rupert Harbour.
Howard–Bell–Feather House, also known as Bell–Feather House and old Feather's place, is a historic home located near Riner, Montgomery County, Virginia, United States.  It was built about 1810, and is a one- to two-story, three-bay, banked stone dwelling with a three-room plan.  Also on the property is a contributing small frame house dated to the early-20th century.[3]
Pedra Preta is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Norte in the Northeast region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Jozsef Bokor from the Hungarian Academy of Science, Budapest, Hungary was named Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) in 2012[1] for contributions to system identification and multivariable control system design.
Raw Nerve is a 1991 film directed and written by David A. Prior.  The film stars Glenn Ford[1] in his final film role, Jan-Michael Vincent[1] and Traci Lords.[2]
The Canon FT QL is a 35mm single-lens reflex camera introduced by Canon Inc. in March 1966.  It has a Canon FL lens mount compatible with the large range of FL series lenses. The FT can also operate the later Canon FD series lenses in stop-down mode, but the earlier R series has a different lens aperture mechanism and cannot be used, although the bayonet fitting is similar. The standard kit lenses were Canon's 50mm f/1.8 ; 50mm f/1.4 and 58mm f/1.2, the body-only option was offered later.
Milwaukee Repertory Theater ("Milwaukee Rep") is a theater company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Founded as the Fred Miller Theatre Company, the group is housed in the Associated Bank Theater Center, which includes the Quadracci Powerhouse Theater, the Stiemke Studio, and the Stackner Cabaret. Milwaukee Rep produces an annual production of A Christmas Carol at the Pabst Theater. It serves an annual audience of over 200,000 patrons, including over 15,000 subscribers.[citation needed]

Kildare Senior Football League Division 3 is an annual Gaelic football competition contested by the Kildare GAA clubs. 14 clubs play 13 games and are awarded 2 points per win and 1 point per draw. The top two teams qualify to play in the League Final .
Alvaro Henry (born 14 February 2005) is a Dutch footballer who plays for Jong Ajax in the Eerste Divisie as a defender.[1]
Bai Yuefeng (Chinese: 白岳峰; Korean: 백악봉; born May 25, 1987), former name Bai Lei (Chinese: 白磊; Korean: 백뢰), is a Chinese former football player of Korean descent who played as a full back or midfielder for Xiamen Blue Lions, Guangzhou Pharmaceutical and Tianjin Teda.
The former First Church of Christ, Scientist, is an historic Christian Science church building located at 700 22nd Street, Rock Island, Illinois, United States. Designed by architect William C. Jones of Chicago in the Palladian style, it was built between 1914-1915. Its exterior walls are of brick covered by Bedford limestone. Its superimposed front portico is supported by six 2 story columns with egg-and-dart capitals. Its dome actually consists of 2 domes: an outer dome and an inner dome which are separated by a space for lighting fixtures and maintenance. The inner dome consists of some 8,000 colored fish scale glass panes on a wooden support structure.[3] The inner dome is similar to the inner dome of First Church of Christ, Scientist in Kalamazoo, Michigan, which was designed by William C. Jones in 1913.[4][5]
Goodbye in the Mirror is a 1964 black-and-white experimental film produced and directed by Storm de Hirsch.
Michael Baidoo (born 14 May 1999) is a Ghanaian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Elfsborg.
Teleia (Greek: Τελεία, Greek for Full stop) was a Greek political party which was founded in 2014 by actor and mayor of Stylida Apostle Gletsos. the party was founded on December 8, 2014 in Anogia.
Shadowzone is a 1990 science fiction/horror film directed by J. S. Cardone.
I Spåren Av Tåren  ('In The Tracks Of My Tears') is the second solo album by Swedish musician Peter Morén  of the band Peter Bjorn And John, and his first in Swedish. This decision was made by Morén to enable him to include more precise cultural references and more freedom in his choice of lyrics.[1] It was released in March 2010, having been recorded Summer and Autumn 2009. The album spawned one single, 'Esther',[2] which was released in January 2010, preceding the album by two months and accompanied by a video.[3] The Spotify version includes a 10-minute interview with Morén, who as well as singing plays many of the instruments on the album. While Morén's first album The Last Tycoon focused more on folk and folk-rock, I Spåren Av Tåren has a more classic rock and soul influenced style.
Arva Moore Parks McCabe (born Arva Moore; January 19, 1939 – May 10, 2020) was a historian, author and preservationist in Miami, Florida.
St. Catherine's Lutheran Church (Latvian: Svētās Katrīnas Evaņģēliski luteriskā baznīca), also known as Biķeri or Biķernieki church for its location, is a Lutheran church in Riga, the capital of Latvia. It is a parish church of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Latvia. The church is situated at the address 146 Biķernieku Street.[1]
Saira Bano (Urdu: سائرہ بانو) is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.
Miao Quansun (缪荃孙; 繆荃孫; Miào Quánsūn) (20 September 1844 – 22 December 1919), courtesy name Yanzhi (Chinese: 炎之), was a Chinese philologist, historian, educationalist, bibliographer and librarian. He oversaw the foundation of the Jiangnan Library in Nanjing and was the first administrator of the National Library of China in Beijing.
The University of Cambodia (UC; Khmer: សាកលវិទ្យាល័យកម្ពុជា) is a private[2] university located on Northbridge Road in Sen Sok District, Phnom Penh, Kingdom of Cambodia.[3] Founded in 2003[4] by Dr. Kao Kim Hourn,[5] Minister Delegate to the Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia,[6] and Dr. Haruhisa Handa,[7] Founder and Chairman of the International Foundation for Arts and Culture.[8]  UC is accredited by the Royal Government of Cambodia[9] and the Accreditation Committee of Cambodia,[10] and is a member of the Cambodian Higher Education Association.[11]
Saint-Germain-des-Prés (French pronunciation: [sɛ̃ ʒɛʁmɛ̃ de pʁe] (listen); Occitan: Sent Gèrman daus Prats) is a commune in the Dordogne department in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in southwestern France.

The 7th Asian Cross Country Championships took place 2004 in Pune, India. Team rankings were decided by a combination of each nation's top three athletes finishing positions.
FELDA New Zealand or Kampung New Zealand is a FELDA settlement in Maran District, Pahang, Malaysia. The settlement was named after New Zealand.[1]
James Marshall Unger (born May 28, 1947, in Cleveland, Ohio) is emeritus professor of Japanese at the Ohio State University.  He specializes in historical linguistics and the writing systems of East Asia, but he has also published on Japanese mathematics of the Edo period.[1]
The Bay Area Figurative Movement (also known as the Bay Area Figurative School, Bay Area Figurative Art, Bay Area Figuration, and similar variations) was a mid-20th Century art movement made up of a group of artists in the San Francisco Bay Area who abandoned working in the prevailing style of Abstract Expressionism in favor of a return to figuration in painting during the 1950s and onward into the 1960s.
Spanning two decades, this art movement is often broken down into three groups, or generations: the First Generation, the Bridge Generation, and the Second Generation.
Kverneland Group is an international company developing, producing and distributing agricultural implements, electronic solutions and digital services to the farming community.[2] The company provides Agricultural Implement Technology through the equipment manufacturing offering. Kverneland Group offers a range of soil and seeding equipment, forage and bale equipment, spreading, spraying, electronic solutions, and digital farm services for agricultural tractors and implements.
Angel Baby is a posthumous compilation album by Regional Mexican singer Jenni Rivera, released on December 5, 2017,[1] it was released on streaming services[2] and also released on a limited CD edition, exclusively released in the United States.[3][4]
The Annapolis Convention, formally titled as a Meeting of Commissioners to Remedy Defects of the Federal Government, was a national political convention held September 11–14, 1786 at Mann's Tavern in Annapolis, Maryland, in which twelve delegates from five U.S. states (New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Delaware, and Virginia) gathered to discuss and develop a consensus on reversing the protectionist trade barriers that each state had erected.  At the time, under the Articles of Confederation, each state was largely independent from the others, and the national government had no authority to regulate trade between and among the states.[1] New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, and North Carolina had appointed commissioners, who failed to arrive in Annapolis in time to attend the meeting, and Connecticut, Maryland, South Carolina, and Georgia had taken no action at all.[2]   The convention also related to George Washington's plans related to the waterways connecting the Potomac and the Ohio River.
Woody Woodpecker's Nuthouse Coaster was a junior roller coaster located at Universal Studios Florida. It was the park's first roller coaster and the first roller coaster constructed at Universal Orlando Resort. The coaster was built in 1999, between the outside queue area for E.T. Adventure and the original location of Hard Rock Cafe. The premise of the ride was that guests were going on a wild ride through Woody Woodpecker's Nut Factory. The coaster was included in the original plans for the construction of Universal Studios Dubailand before the proposed park was scrapped.
Dannebrogsgade (literally: "Dannebrog Street") is a street in the Vesterbro district of Copenhagen, Denmark. It runs from Vesterbrogade in the north to Sønder Boulevard in the south and passes Istedgade on the way. It is closed to car traffic both at Otto Krabbes Plads and Litauens Plads. The buildings on the east side of the street at its northern end overlooks the Shooting Range Garden.
Benjamín Száraz (born 9 March 1998) is a Slovak footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for MFK Zemplín Michalovce.
Champlain Marcil (1920–2010) was a French Canadian photojournalist best known for being the photographer of the daily newspaper Le Droit from 1948 to 1969.[1][2]  In addition, he was active from 1940 to 1985 in depicting the Outaouais region of western Quebec and Ontario.
Can Togay (Turkish: [ˈdʒan ˈtoɡaj]; born August 27, 1955), also known as János Can Togay, is a Hungarian film director, screenwriter, actor, poet, producer, cultural manager and cultural diplomat.
Pujiang Town (simplified Chinese: 浦江镇; traditional Chinese: 浦江鎮; pinyin: Pǔjiāng Zhèn) is a station on Line 8 of the Shanghai Metro. This station is part of the southern extension of Line 8 and opened on July 5, 2009.
Ramin Toloui  is an American academic, civil servant, and financial advisor who serves as Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs in the Biden Administration.
Joseph Ogola Olita (31 March 1944[1] – 1 June 2014)[2] was a Kenyan actor who was best known for portraying Idi Amin in Rise and Fall of Idi Amin (1981) and Mississippi Masala (1991).[3][4][5]
Academic grading in Croatia is regulated by the Ministry of Science, Education and Sports.
Albert H. Angstman (March 23, 1888 – February 29, 1964) was a justice of the Montana Supreme Court from 1929 to 1934, again from 1937 to 1942, and again from 1945 to 1961.[1]
An environmental contract is a way of expressing the rights and responsibilities of citizens, businesses and the state when it comes to the environment.
The Detrital Valley is a 51-mi (82 km) long  valley in northwest Mohave County, Arizona that drains into Lake Mead. It is parallel to the valley just east, Hualapai Valley with the White Hills (Arizona) being the divider between.
"Make Peace Not War" is a song by British MC Skepta. It was released on 13 May 2012, as a digital download on iTunes in the United Kingdom. The song peaked at number 29 on the UK Singles Chart.
Zala (pronounced [ˈzaːla]) is a small settlement in the hills northeast of Cerknica in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia.[2]
Veijo Tahvanainen (born 27 September 1938 in Ilomantsi) is a Finnish orienteering competitor. He received a silver medal in the relay event and finished 10th in the individual event at the 1968 World Orienteering Championships in Linköping.[1][2] In 1970 he finished 14th in the individual event, and 4th with the Finnish relay team.[3] At the 1972 World Orienteering Championships in Staré Splavy, he placed 9th in the individual contest, and was part of the Swiss relay team (which was disqualified).[4]
John Austin Stevens, Sr. (January 22, 1795 – October 19, 1874) was a prominent American banker who was the son of Revolutionary War General Ebenezer Stevens and father of Sons of the Revolution founder John Austin Stevens.
Industrial Relations Commissions are government courts or tribunal set up by a state or country to regulate and adjudicate on employment and industrial issues between employees and employers.  These bodies are predominantly found in Australia where bodies in each of the states of that nation were set up from the early 1900s to deal with industrial issues.  
A windsurfing harness is part of the trapeze used in the sports of windsurfing and kitesurfing to connect the rider to the rig by a line attached to the boom or kitesurfing bar. It consists of a girdle-like contraption that is worn around the body, with a hook for attachment.[1] Hooking-in the harness is done by pulling the sail toward the body and hooking into the harness lines on the boom. The harness turns windsurfing into a long lasting activity, taking the weight of the sail off the arms of the windsurfer.

Opera North is an opera company based at The Grand Theatre, Leeds. This article covers the period when the company's music director was Paul Daniel.
Kaji Spellman Douša (born August 22) is an American Christian minister and immigration rights activist who served as the chair of the New Sanctuary Coalition NYC.
Buddington Peak (62°11′45″S 58°47′43″W﻿ / ﻿62.19597°S 58.79522°W﻿ / -62.19597; -58.79522) is a peak rising between Collins Harbor and Marian Cove in the southwest part of King George Island, in the South Shetland Islands. It was named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960 for James W. Buddington of New London, Connecticut, who visited the South Shetland Islands in 1876–77, 1888–89 and 1889–90, in search of fur seals. Buddington was a leading figure during the revival of United States southern sealing which began in 1871.
The Jim Thompson House is a museum in central Bangkok, Thailand, housing the art collection of American businessman and architect Jim Thompson, the museum designer and former owner. Built in 1959, the museum spans one rectangular rai of land (approximately half an acre or 2023.43 square meters).[1]
Palmares is a district of the Palmares canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.[1][2]
Aeropuma, S.A., also known as AeroPuma, was a Salvadoran airline that commenced operations in 1985.[1][2] The airline operated for around 12 years before it went defunct in 1997. 
RPE2, or Relative server Performance Estimate 2, is a computer benchmark developed by Ideas International to compare the relative performance of servers built on x86, IA-64, and RISC processor architectures.  
Somewhere over the Slaughterhouse is the sixth studio album by Buckethead. To date it is his only solo album to be released as both a CD and LP and is currently out of print. Problems with rights ownership make a reissue unlikely.[2] A download can be obtained at TDRS Music.
Huklyvyi (Hungarian: Zúgó) is a village in the Zakarpattia Oblast (province) in western Ukraine.  It was in the Volovets Raion (district) before the restructuring in 2020 and is now in the Mukachevo Raion.  Huklyvyi has a wooden church.
Ružiná (Hungarian: Rózsaszállás) is a village and municipality in the Lučenec District in the Banská Bystrica Region of Slovakia.[1] The town's attractions include the Ružiná dam[2] and the Divín Castle.[3] The town is home to the Church of St. František Assiský-the oldest building in the town, dating back to the mid-18th century.[4]
Grabiszew [ɡraˈbiʂɛf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zgierz, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Zgierz and 21 km (13 mi) north of the regional capital Łódź.[1]
Casey Dué Hackney, sometimes cited or referred to as Casey Dué, is a professor of classical studies at the University of Houston,[1] and the Executive Editor for the Center for Hellenic Studies.[2] Her research interests centre around Homeric poetry, Greek tragedy and Greek oral traditions.[1]
ESO 510-G13 is a spiral galaxy approximately 150 million light-years away in the constellation Hydra. The equatorial dust cloud is heavily warped; this may indicate that ESO 510-G13 has interacted with another galaxy. If this is the case, it would provide an excellent illustration of the distortion caused by interacting galaxies, discussed in the article Galaxy formation and evolution under the Spiral galaxy heading.
The 1965 USAC Championship Car season consisted of 18 races, beginning in Avondale, Arizona on March 28 and concluding at the same location on November 21. This season was notable for the Hoosier Grand Prix, the first Championship Car event held on a road course since the 1937 Vanderbilt Cup. The USAC National Champion was Mario Andretti and the Indianapolis 500 winner was Jim Clark.
Perfect mixing is a term heavily used in relation to the definition of models that predict the behavior of chemical reactors. Perfect mixing assumes that there are no spatial gradients in a given physical envelope, such as:
Tom Bagley (born December 3, 1939, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania), is a former driver in the USAC, CART Championship Car, IMSA, Formula Atlantic, and Trans-Am Series. He raced Indycars in the 1978-1980 and 1983 seasons, with 42 combined career starts, including the 1978-1980 Indianapolis 500,[1] finishing in the top ten 23 times, with a best finish, three times, of 4th position. He was USAC Rookie of the Year in 1978, and did not finish worse than 11th in points during his three full-time seasons. He did not begin wheel-to-wheel racing until age 31, after earning a master's degree in Physics from Pennsylvania State University.[2] While in college, Bagley became interested in fuel mileage competitions and then autocross, rising to the attention of Bill Scott, operator of the racing school at Summit Point Motorsports Park. Scott lent Bagley a Formula Ford car to begin his career. Bagley and Janet Guthrie were the only physicists to compete in Indycar in the 1970s. Bagley rose to fame driving Formula Super Vee cars, winning the SCCA championship in 1976, and was USAC co-champion in 1977. Bagley owned and maintained his own race cars in this part of his career.  He next joined the Indycar ranks with sponsorship from Kent Oil, driving for Longhorn Racing and Patrick Racing. After retiring from racing full-time, Bagley worked as a physicist for longtime series sponsor PPG Industries, developing new methods for creating powder paints. From 2004 to 2020 he worked at Autobahn Country Club as the Director of Racing Instruction, responsible for designing the safety features at the track and overseeing the instruction, licensing, and racing activities.[3] Bagley still competes in club and endurance races in his Spec Miata and vintage events including the Indy Legends Charity Pro–Am race on occasion. Bagley was described by the SVRA in 2019 as a "driver who accomplished much with limited resources"  and "the driver to beat in Formula Super Vee" [4]
The Gender Knot: Unraveling our Patriarchal Legacy is a 1997 book by Allan G. Johnson.[1] Johnson explains and addresses the concept of the patriarchy and how it deeply affects the lives of both men and women. He stresses that avoiding "the path of least resistance" is the key to combating gender inequality. He lays out a guide that encourages every person to fight the patriarchy in their life.
"Back on My Feet" (stylized as "BACK ON MY FEET") is the tenth single by Japanese electronica/rock duo the Boom Boom Satellites, released on July 1, 2009.  It is their first release in two years. The title track "Back on My Feet" is used as an opening theme for the Japanese television broadcast of Xam'd: Lost Memories (alternating with "Shut Up And Explode" from Exposed). Two limited edition versions of the EP were released: one contained a DVD with the music video for "Back on My Feet" and the other was a special Bounen no Zamned version.
Janet E. Helms is an American research psychologist known for her study of ethnic minority issues.[1] A scholar, author and educator, she is most known for her racial identity theory that is applied to multiple disciplines, including education and law.[2] She received the 2006 Award for Distinguished Contributions to Education and Training in Psychology from the American Psychological Association.[3]
Georgina Lawton (born 1992) is an Irish-Nigerian writer whose personal narrative is the subject of a non-fiction book: Raceless: In Search of Family, Identity, and the Truth About Where I Belong (ISBN 978-0063009486). Part-memoir, part-socio-political discussion, the book focuses on the construct of racial identity in the homes exploring Lawton's experience of being mixed-black in a white home with two white parents without knowing why, and discovering she was the product of a brief liaison between her mother and her birth father. Taking a DNA test after the latter died showed her to be greater than 40% Nigerian.[1]
Aldersbach Abbey (German: Kloster Aldersbach) is a former Cistercian monastery in the community of Aldersbach in the district of Passau in the valley of the Vils, Lower Bavaria, Germany.

This list of Russian marine engineers includes naval engineers and inventors of the Tsardom of Russia, Russian Empire, the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation.
Potassium ferricyanide is the chemical compound with the formula K3[Fe(CN)6]. This bright red salt contains the octahedrally coordinated [Fe(CN)6]3− ion.[2] It is soluble in water and its solution shows some green-yellow fluorescence. It was discovered in 1822 by Leopold Gmelin.[3][4]
The 2008–09 Wake Forest Demon Deacons men's basketball team represented Wake Forest University in the 2008–09 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The team's head coach was Dino Gaudio.  The team played its home games in the Lawrence Joel Veterans Memorial Coliseum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, and was a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
Tako Hajo Jelgersma (October 29, 1702 in Harlingen – March 24, 1795 in Haarlem), was an 18th-century  Dutch painter.
Wallace, originally named Jacksonville,[4] is a town located in Jackson Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. At the 2010 census, the town had a total population of 105.
The Holmenkollen Ski Festival (Norwegian: Holmenkollen skifestival or Holmenkollrennene) is a traditional annual Nordic skiing event in Holmenkollen, Oslo, Norway. The full official name of the event is Holmenkollen FIS World Cup Nordic.
Patrick William Skehan (30 September 1909 in New York City – 9 September 1980)[1] was an American Old Testament semitic scholar.[2][3]
Pumpkin Hill Creek Preserve State Park is a Florida state park, located 12 miles north of Jacksonville, west of Big and Little Talbot Islands. From 1949 it has been part of the Talbot Islands State Park Complex.
Kurt Dossin (March 28, 1913 – April 26, 2004) was a German field handball player who competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics.[1] He played two matches for the German team, which won the gold medal.
Coelenterazine is a luciferin, a molecule that emits light after reaction with oxygen, found in many aquatic organisms across eight phyla.[1] It is the substrate of many luciferases such as Renilla reniformis luciferase (Rluc), Gaussia luciferase (Gluc), and photoproteins, including aequorin, and obelin. All these proteins catalyze the oxidation of this substance, a reaction catalogued EC 1.13.12.5.
Cystathionine beta-lyase (EC 4.4.1.8), also commonly referred to as CBL or β-cystathionase, is an enzyme that primarily catalyzes the following α,β-elimination reaction[1]
Demobilization or demobilisation (see spelling differences) is the process of standing down a nation's armed forces from combat-ready status. This may be as a result of victory in war, or because a crisis has been peacefully resolved and military force is no longer necessary. The opposite of demobilization is mobilization, which is the act of calling up forces for active military service. Forceful demobilization of a defeated enemy is called demilitarization.
"La spagnola" ("The Spanish Maiden",[1] "The Spanish Girl"[2]), also known as "Stretti stretti, nell'estasi d'amor",[3] is a popular Italian song from the early 20th century.[4][5][6]
Acrylyl-CoA reductase (NADPH) (EC 1.3.1.84) is an enzyme with systematic name propanoyl-CoA:NADP+ oxidoreductase.[1][2] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
Cavecraft is the fifth and final studio album by American punk band Babyland, released on September 19, 2008 by Mattress Recordings.[2]
Westfield High School is a high school located in unincorporated Harris County, Texas, United States, near Houston.[2][3]
This article provides a short survey of the concepts, principles and applications of Multirate Filter Banks and Multidimensional Directional Filter Banks.
Olympiaki Akti (Greek: Ολυμπιακή Ακτή, also known as Olympic Beach and Olympic Coast) is a village in the Katerini municipality, Greece. It is also still domestically known by its initial name Katerinoskala (Κατερινόσκαλα) which can be literally expressed as "Katerini's staircase".
In Greek mythology, Stratonice (Ancient Greek: Στρατoνίκη from στρατός "army" and νίκη "victory") was a Calydonian princess as the daughter of King Porthaon and Laothoe. She was the sister of Eurythemiste and Sterope.[1]
Central Arkansas, also known as the Little Rock metro, designated by the United States Office of Management and Budget as the Little Rock-North Little Rock-Conway Metropolitan Statistical Area, is the most populous metro area in the U.S. state of Arkansas. With an estimated 2020 population of 748,031, it is the most populated area in Arkansas. Located at the convergence of Arkansas's other geographic regions, the region's central location make Central Arkansas an important population, economic, education, and political center in Arkansas and the South. Little Rock is the state's capital and largest city, and the city is also home to two Fortune 500 companies, Arkansas Children's Hospital, and University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences (UAMS).
The 2021 Central American Men's Handball Championship took place in Tegucigalpa, Honduras from 11 to 13 November. It acted as a qualifying tournament for the 2022 South and Central American Men's Handball Championship.
Park Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of South Dakota.[1] It is a tributary of Bear Butte Creek.
As head coach
Pia Sabrina Walkenhorst (born 15 November 1993 in Essen, Germany) is a German volleyball player.
The 2016–17 Andebol 1 is the 65th season of the Andebol 1, Portugal's top-tier handball league. A total of fourteen teams contest this season's league, which is an increase of two teams from last season.
Aim I is an outdoor 1980 aluminum sculpture by Alexander Liberman, installed at the San Diego Museum of Art's May S. Marcy Sculpture Garden, in the U.S. state of California.[1]
Claude Haut (born 22 December 1944) was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Vaucluse department from 1995 to 2020.  He was a member of the Socialist Party until moving to LREM in 2017.
The fauna of the U.S. State of Nevada is mostly species adapted to desert, temperature extremes and to lack of moisture. With an average annual rainfall of only about 7 inches (180 mm), Nevada is the driest – and has the largest percentage of its total area classified as desert – of all states in the United States.[2][3] Two-thirds of the state is located within the largest desert on the North American continent, the Great Basin Desert, while the lower one-third is the Mojave Desert.[2]
The Canonflex is a Canon 35 mm film single-lens reflex (SLR) camera introduced in May 1959. Its standard lens is the Canon Camera Co. Super-Canomatic R 50mm lens f/1.8. The camera was in production for one year before it was replaced by the Canonflex R2000, adding a 1/2000 sec. shutter speed.
Ereen  (Mongolian: Эрээн) is a settlement in the Bayan-Uul sum (district) of Dornod Province in eastern Mongolia.
Kim Myung-Ok (born 17 September 1972) is a former South Korean  field hockey player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.[1]
Surama is an Amerindian village in the North Rupununi area and the Upper Takutu-Upper Essequibo Region of Guyana, with a population of 274 people as of 2012.[3]
Giovanni Benini (1569–1636) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Titular Archbishop of Hadrianopolis in Haemimonto (1622–1636).[1][2]
Philipp Franz Heinrich Carl (19 June 1837 – 24 January 1891) was a German physicist.
Dario Vitez (born January 17, 1973) is a Croatian music manager, public relations specialist, record producer and designer. 
He is most notable as a music manager, executive producer and public relations manager of the rock band Zabranjeno Pušenje.[1]
History of the Rise, Progress, and Termination of the American Revolution is a book by Mercy Otis Warren. Warren was a correspondent and adviser to many political leaders of the American Revolution, including Samuel Adams, John Hancock, Patrick Henry, Thomas Jefferson, George Washington and especially John Adams, who became her literary mentor in the years leading to the Revolution.
Raúl Alpizar Aguilera (born 1 February 1977) is a Mexican football manager and former player.[1][2]
Bolatlı is a village in the Gölpazarı District, Bilecik Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 122 (2021).[2]

Papua New Guinea gained independence on 16 September 1975, midway through the five-year term of the members of the colonial House of Assembly of Papua and New Guinea who had been elected at the 1972 election. At independence, the former House of Assembly became the National Parliament, while members continued in office to serve out the remainder of their term. This is a list of members of the House of Assembly from 1972 to 1975 and the National Parliament from 1975 to 1977.[1][2][3]
Nathaniel Weil (1687 – 7 May 1769) was a rabbi and talmudist born at Stühlingen, son of Naphtali Zvi Hirsch Weil.
Cassandra Laity is an author and researcher in the field of modernism.[1][2]  In 2015 she is a visiting scholar at the University of Tennessee-Knoxville.
Paul Frederick Walker (July 9, 1925 – October 20, 1972) was an American football player who played one season with the New York Giants of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the tenth round of the 1945 NFL Draft. Walker played college football at Yale University and attended Oak Park and River Forest High School in Oak Park, Illinois. He was a consensus All-American in 1944.[1][2]
Gary Knecht {born September 29, 1939) is a faculty member at Azusa Pacific University and former college football coach. Knecht has served as an assistant coach at several universities and as the head coach at UC Riverside from 1970 to 1971 and at Walla Walla Community College from 1976 to 1983. During his career as a head coach, Knecht compiled an overall record of six wins, 13 losses and one tie (6–13–1) at Riverside and 52 wins, 19 losses and one tie (52–19–1) at Walla Walla.
Henry Ansgar Kelly is distinguished research professor of English at the University of California, Los Angeles.[1]

Charlotte Greig (10 August 1954 – 19 June 2014[1]) was a British novelist, playwright, music journalist, singer and songwriter.
WOWK Television Tower is a 338.94 metre (1,112 ft) tall guyed TV mast at Milton, West Virginia, United States. WOWK Television Tower was built in 1975 and is currently the third-tallest structure in West Virginia. The tallest is the WVAH Tower in Scott Depot, followed by the WSAZ tower.  The structure is the broadcast tower for WOWK-TV.
The Wilderness Road was one of two principal routes used by colonial and early national era settlers to reach Kentucky from the East. Although this road goes through the Cumberland Gap into southern Kentucky and northern Tennessee, the other (more northern route) is sometimes called the "Cumberland Road" because it started in Fort Cumberland in Maryland. Despite Kentucky Senator Henry Clay's advocacy of this route, early in the 19th century, the northern route was selected for the National Road, connecting near Washington, Pennsylvania into the Ohio Valley of northern Kentucky and Ohio.
Love Is Strange is the twenty-third studio album by American country music artist Kenny Rogers. It was released on September 11, 1990, by Reprise Records. The album includes the single "Love Is Strange", which charted at number 21 on Hot Country Songs that same year.[1]
Wabalakananke is a small town in Sri Lanka. It is located within Southern Province.
Cerasuolo di Vittoria is a dry red Italian wine from a region around the comune of Vittoria, Sicily. The only wine with DOCG status in Sicily, it is made from a blend of two Sicilian grape varieties, Nero d'Avola (locally known as Calabrese) at between 50% and 70%, with Frappato as the remainder. The DOCG rules also include regulation of cropping rates and a minimum alcohol level of 13%. Cerasuolo means "cherry red" and refers to the colour of the resulting blend of these grapes.[2]
San Lorenzo is a town in the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru. It is the capital of both Datem del Marañón Province and 
Barranca District and it has a population of 6,034 (2006).
Pigres of Paionia, with his brother Mantyas and his sister, came to Sardes, where the Persian king Darius I was at the time, hoping that by the favour of Darius he and his brother might be established as tyrants over the Paeonians. Darius, however, was so pleased with the exhibition of industry and dexterity which he saw in their sister that he sent orders to Megabazus to transport Paeonians into Asia.
Material flow analysis (MFA), also referred to as substance flow analysis (SFA), is an analytical method to quantify flows and stocks of materials or substances in a well-defined system. MFA is an important tool to study the bio-physical aspects of human activity on different spatial and temporal scales. It is considered a core method of industrial ecology or anthropogenic, urban, social and industrial metabolism. MFA is used to study material, substance, or product flows across different industrial sectors or within ecosystems. MFA can also be applied to a single industrial installation, for example, for tracking nutrient flows through a waste water treatment plant. When combined with an assessment of the costs associated with material flows this business-oriented application of MFA is called material flow cost accounting. MFA is an important tool to study the circular economy and to devise material flow management. Since the 1990s, the number of publications related to material flow analysis has grown steadily. Peer-reviewed journals that publish MFA-related work include the Journal of Industrial Ecology, Ecological Economics, Environmental Science and Technology, and Resources, Conservation, and Recycling.[1]
The T.L. Roach Jr. Unit is a state prison for men located in Childress, Childress County, Texas, owned and operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice.[1]  This facility was opened in August 1991, and a maximum capacity of 1884 male inmates held at various security levels.

Sunil Mahadik, an alumnus of Sir J.J. Institute of Applied Art, began his career in advertising as a visualiser with Trikaya.[1] In 1989, he co-founded an advertisement agency called Nexus-Equity. In 1992, he started FX Studios, a design studio which became Flagship Advertising Pvt Ltd in 1995.[citation needed] He also leads the creative team at XOX Design. He is an active member of the Managing Committee of Communication Arts Guild (CAG).
Tian (Persian: طيان, also Romanized as Ţīān)[1] is a village in Keshvar Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. As of the 2006 census, its population was 27 with there being 5 families.[2]
Council of Avignon may refer to one of a number of councils of the Roman Catholic Church which were held in Avignon in France. The first reported council met in the 11th century and the final council on record was in the mid-19th century. 
Janis Graham Jack (born 1946) is a senior United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas.
Skate shoes or skateboard shoes are a type of footwear specifically designed and manufactured for use in skateboarding. While numerous non-skaters choose to wear skate shoes as they are popular in fashion, the design of the skate shoe includes many features designed especially for use in skateboarding, including a vulcanized rubber or polyurethane sole with minimal tread pattern or no pattern, a composition leather or suede upper, and reinforced stitching to extend the life of the upper material. The most important aspect of skate shoes is that they have flat soles which allow the skater to have better board control. 
Saint-Martin-Boulogne (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ maʁtɛ̃ bulɔɲ]; West Flemish: Sint-Maarten bij Bonen) is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department in the Hauts-de-France region of France.[3]
The Mirror (Spanish:El Espejo) is a 1943 Argentine drama film directed by Francisco Múgica and starring Mirtha Legrand, Roberto Airaldi and Alicia Barrié.
Robert Joseph Fisher (born September 24, 1959) is an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church who has been serving as an auxiliary bishop for the Archdiocese of Detroit since 2016.
In the study of liquid crystals, the Ericksen number (Er) is a dimensionless number used to describe the deformation of the director field under flow. It is defined as the ratio of the viscous to elastic forces. In the limit of low Ericksen number the elastic forces will exceed the viscous forces and so the director field will not be strongly affected by the flow field. The Ericksen number is named after American mathematics professor Jerald Ericksen of the University of Minnesota.  The number is defined:
The Oranje Nassau Mijnen was a coal mine company, established in 1893 by Friedrich Honigmann (1841-1913) and Carl Honigmann (1842-1903) to exploit the rich coal deposits in and around Heerlen. That there were coal deposits around Heerlen was already known for centuries (coal had been dug up since the 13th century around Rolduc), but efficient transportation was lacking. In 1886 Henri Sarolea (January 18, 1844, Maastricht - September 12, 1900, Heerlen) had the idea of building a railroad between Herzogenrath, Heerlen, and Sittard, which was finished in 1896. It was this plan that prompted the building of the first mine (Oranje Nassau I, production from 1899 to 1974).[1]
Sybil Niden Goldrich has been one of the leading consumer advocates involved in the fight for women’s health as it relates to breast implants. Her leadership on this issue began in 1987 when, as a cancer patient having massive difficulties with implants for reconstruction after bi-lateral mastectomy, she uncovered the fact that breast implants had never been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Her article on the subject, “Restoration Drama,” was published in Ms. magazine in June 1988.
Habib Haddad (born 1980) is a serial entrepreneur and early stage investor. He is currently the president and managing director of the E14 Fund that invests in spin-offs from MIT.[3] Investments include ThruWave,[4] Formlabs, Kiwi, Figur8, Affectiva, Wise Systems.[5] Haddad has founded a number of tech companies including Wamda, Yamli (Yahoo! licensed the technology in 2012),[6] YallaStartup,[7] and others.[8][9]
Charles Pépin is a French philosopher and novelist. He was born in Saint Cloud in 1973. He is the author of several bestsellers, such as Les Vertus de l’échec (Allary Éditions, 2016), La Confiance en soi (Allary Éditions, 2018) and La Planète des sages (Dargaud, 2011 et 2015).[1]
Kawuruth Danne Na (lit. 'Nobody Knows'; Sinhala: කවුරුවත් දන්නේ නෑ) is a 2021 Sri Lankan Sinhalese-language political thriller film directed by Bennett Rathnayake and co-produced by director himself with Samanmalee Hewamanna for Benn Films.[2][3][4] It stars Bimal Jayakody and Udari Warnakulasooriya in lead roles along with Kumara Thirimadura, Sangeetha Weeraratne and Lucky Dias made supportive roles.[5] The film deals with corrupt and unfair rules and laws in several government officials, where a 17 years old poor schoolgirl goes to the probation prison for stealing 8 nuts of coconut, but nothing happened for corrupted officials, businessmen and drug lords.[6]
The Mobile Majesty were one of the original franchises of the National Women's Basketball League (NWBL).  Based in Mobile, Alabama, they played in 2001.
20°01′19″S 174°42′50″W﻿ / ﻿20.022°S 174.714°W﻿ / -20.022; -174.714﻿ (Luanamo)Luanamo is an island in Lulunga district, in the Ha'apai islands of Tonga.

Cameroon submitted a film for the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film[nb 1] for the first time in 1980.[3] The award is handed out annually by the United States Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences to a feature-length motion picture produced outside the United States that contains primarily non-English dialogue.[4] It was not created until the 1956 Academy Awards, in which a competitive Academy Award of Merit, known as the Best Foreign Language Film Award, was created for non-English speaking films, and has been given annually since.[5]
Commencement controversy at Smith College in Northampton, Massachusetts has often been the result of the selection of the commencement speaker. Most recently, this occurred between February and May 2014, when student protests over Christine Lagarde’s invitation allegedly forced her to rescind her acceptance to give that year's commencement speech.[1]
William Esselstyne Lansing (December 29, 1821 – July 29, 1883) was a U.S. Representative from New York during the American Civil War.
39°17′57″N 46°42′47″E﻿ / ﻿39.29917°N 46.71306°E﻿ / 39.29917; 46.71306
Lê Hồng Phong (6 September 1902 – 6 September 1942) was the second leader of the Communist Party of Vietnam (CPV); he led the party through the office of General Secretary of the Overseas Executive Committee of the Communist Party of Vietnam.[1] The Overseas Executive Committee was the only body of the CPV left intact after increased repression by the French authorities in Indochina.
Dumitru Frăţilă (Romanian pronunciation: [duˈmitru frəˈt͡silə]; March 6, 1926 – September 1988)[1] was a Romanian alpine skier and cross-country skier who competed in the 1950s. He finished 24th in the 50 km event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He was born in Predeal.
Xichehe (洗车河镇) is a town and township in Longshan County, in Xiangxi Tujia and Miao Autonomous Prefecture of Hunan Province, China.
Clean Air Law of Iran (Persian: قانون هوای پاک) was enacted on July 16, 2017.[1][2][3][4] The law introduces heavier punishments and fines for any industries or individuals that do not adhere to the pollution limits.[5] The act singles out inefficient vehicles, substandard fuels, industrial activities and dust storms as the major sources of air pollution in the country.[6] 20 government agencies are committed to execute this law.[7]
Bobby's Burger Palace (BBP) is an upscale group of fast casual restaurants founded by Chef Bobby Flay with a focus on hamburgers, fries, and milkshakes.[1] The first location opened in July 2008 at the Smith Haven Mall in Lake Grove, New York.[2] Most locations closed permanently during the COVID-19 pandemic, and a new fast food variation of the concept was launched in 2021 under the name Bobby's Burgers.
The 2004 World Series of Poker (WSOP) was held at Binion's Horseshoe after Harrah's Entertainment purchased the casino and the rights to the tournament in January. Harrah's announced that future WSOP tournaments will be held in a moving circuit of member casinos.
Harry Reasoner (April 17, 1923 – August 6, 1991) was an American journalist for CBS and ABC News, known for his adroit use of language as a television commentator and as one of the original hosts of the news magazine 60 Minutes (1968–1970, 1978–1991).
Studzieniec [stuˈd͡ʑɛɲɛt͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Rogoźno, within Oborniki County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Rogoźno, 16 km (10 mi) east of Oborniki, and 35 km (22 mi) north of the regional capital Poznań.

Anthony Columba McFeely (4 February 1909 – 7 October 1986)[1] was an Irish prelate of the Roman Catholic Church.[2]
Harold Beland "Spec" Richardson[1] (October 27, 1922 – April 12, 2016) was an American professional baseball executive. He served as the general manager of two Major League Baseball teams, the Houston Astros (1967–75) and San Francisco Giants (1976–81).
Baywatch is an American action drama television series about lifeguards who patrol the beaches of Los Angeles County, California, and Hawaii, starring David Hasselhoff. It was created by Michael Berk, Douglas Schwartz, and Gregory J. Bonann, who produced the show throughout its 11-season run. The series focuses on both professional and personal challenges faced by the characters, portrayed by a large rotating ensemble cast that includes Pamela Anderson, Alexandra Paul, Gregory Alan Williams, Jeremy Jackson, Parker Stevenson, David Chokachi, Billy Warlock, Erika Eleniak, David Charvet, Yasmine Bleeth, and Nicole Eggert.
Kąt [kɔnt] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zaleszany, within Stalowa Wola County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) south-west of Zaleszany, 14 km (9 mi) north-west of Stalowa Wola, and 69 km (43 mi) north of the regional capital Rzeszów.
Atlantis III: The New World, (French: Atlantis III: Le Nouveau Monde, known as Beyond Atlantis II in North America), is a 2001 fantasy adventure video game developed and published by Cryo Interactive, with Dreamcatcher Interactive publishing the game in North America. David Rhodes composed the musical score. It is the third game in the Atlantis series by Cryo, as well as the last one made before Cryo's closure. It was followed by Atlantis Evolution in 2004.
Barreirense Basket is the professional basketball team of F.C. Barreirense, a sports club from Barreiro, Portugal. The club plays in the Portuguese top league, the LPB.
Vanilla Air Inc. (バニラ・エア株式会社, Banira Ea Kabushiki Kaisha) was a low-cost airline in Japan wholly owned by All Nippon Airways. Its head office was within Terminal 2 of Narita International Airport in Narita, Chiba Prefecture.[1] The airline ceased operations in October 2019 on its merger with Peach Aviation.
Don Friday (born April 17, 1968) is an American college basketball coach, and the former men's basketball head coach at Saint Francis University, being named to the post in April 2008.[1] He previously served as head coach at Lycoming College (2003–2008), assistant coach at Bucknell University (1994–2003), and assistant coach at Lebanon Valley College (1990–1994). At Lebanon Valley and Bucknell, he coached under Pat Flannery, and in 1994 he assisted Flannery as Lebanon Valley won the 1994 Division III National Championship. He was the MAC coach of the year twice as the men's head coach at Lycoming University. Friday has a true knowledge of the game.[2] In 2012, he was fired at Saint Francis after several years of poor results and frequent transfers away from the school. Friday was hired by head coach Frank Marcinek at Susquehanna University; after that brief stop Friday is now the head coach at Penn State Harrisburg and is turning the program around.  Friday captured a win on number-15-ranked Christopher Newport, one of the biggest upsets in program history. Friday earned a bachelor's degree in business from Lebanon Valley College. He currently resides in Annville with his son Donald, his wife Amy, and dog Patriot. Friday also holds elite clinics and coaches clinics to help coaches and players perform at the best of their ability.
Phra Phrom (Thai: พระพรหม; from Sanskrit: Brahmā, ब्रह्मा) is the Thai representation of the Hindu creator god Brahma. In modern Thailand, Phra Phrom is often worshipped outside of Hindu contexts by regular Buddhists, and, like many other Hindu deities, has usually come to represent guardian spirits in Thai animist beliefs, which coexist alongside Buddhist practices.[1][2] He is regarded as the deity of good fortune and protection. The concept of Brahma is also represented in Buddhist cosmology as Brahmā or Mahabrahma, the lord of Brahmaloka (the highest heavenly realm),[3] which may also be represented as Phra Phrom.
The Ohio Planning Conference (OPC) is an association of citizens and planners that promotes city and regional planning in the state of Ohio. OPC is a chapter of the American Planning Association (APA) and is APA's second-oldest chapter. 
Romania competed at the 2019 World Athletics Championships in Doha, Qatar, from 27 September–6 October 2019.
UFC 263: Adesanya vs. Vettori 2 was a mixed martial arts event produced by the Ultimate Fighting Championship that took place on June 12, 2021, at the Gila River Arena in Glendale, Arizona, United States.[3][4]
Hideo Takayama (高山 秀男, Takayama Hideo, October 19, 1969 – October 17, 2021) was a Japanese professional wrestler, better known under the ring name BADBOY Hido (BADBOY非道, Baddobōi Hidō) or simply Hido (非道, Hidō). He is best known for his time with hardcore wrestling federations Big Japan Pro Wrestling (BJW), Independent Wrestling Association Mid-South (IWA-MS), Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) and Wrestling International New Generations (W*ING).
Ranzo-Sant'Abbondio railway station (Italian: Stazione di Ranzo-Sant'Abbondio) is a railway station in the municipality of Gambarogno, in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Cadenazzo–Luino line of Swiss Federal Railways and is final station north of the border between Switzerland and Italy.[1]

54°45′14″N 6°35′56″W﻿ / ﻿54.754°N 6.599°W﻿ / 54.754; -6.599
Tawny, also known as Jackie Gleason Presents Tawny, is a studio album by television personality, Jackie Gleason. Gleason conducted an orchestra performing songs in music from Gleason's musical and dance production of "Tawny". It was released in 1954 on Capitol Records (catalog no. H-471).[1][2]
The 1952 Iowa Hawkeyes football team represented the University of Iowa in the 1952 Big Ten Conference football season. This was Forest Evashevski's first season as head coach; he was previously the head coach at Washington State.
Chang Jen-bao (Chinese: 張人堡; born 1972) is a Taiwanese serial killer, who murdered three people from 1993 to 2003, including his cohabiting girlfriend. After the three cases were examined, he was sentenced to death by the Supreme Court on November 11, 2004. Chang is currently detained at the Taipei Detention Center, awaiting execution.
Siglin Rocks (74°11′S 115°6′W﻿ / ﻿74.183°S 115.100°W﻿ / -74.183; -115.100) is a cluster of rock outcrops midway between Schneider Rock and Binder Rocks on the west side of Martin Peninsula, Bakutis Coast, Marie Byrd Land. First photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Chief Warrant Officer D.F. Siglin, U.S. Navy, maintenance coordinator at the Williams Field air strip, McMurdo Sound, during Deep Freeze 1967.
Raczkowice-Kolonia [rat͡ʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dąbrowa Zielona, within Częstochowa County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Dąbrowa Zielona, 32 km (20 mi) east of Częstochowa, and 79 km (49 mi) north-east of the regional capital Katowice.
30°41′39″N 88°2′34″W﻿ / ﻿30.69417°N 88.04278°W﻿ / 30.69417; -88.04278
MTV News: Unfiltered is an American television series created by Steven Rosenbaum which aired on MTV in the 1990s. The half-hour show features footage of real events provided by viewers, and later selected and edited by the show's producers. The videos show controversial events in the viewers' community that were not being covered by traditional news outlets.[1][2]
Patrick Lapeyre is a French writer, and winner of the Prix Femina, 2010, for his seventh novel, La vie est brève et le désir sans fin.[1][2][3]
Chris Wright (born November 4, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for Basket Zaragoza of the Spanish Liga ACB. When he played for the Dallas Mavericks in 2013, he became the first known player in NBA history to have been diagnosed with multiple sclerosis.
Aonyōbō (青女房) (also called Ao-nyōbō and Ao nyōbō) is a Yōkai in Japanese mythology.
Baron de Richemont (c. 1785;10 August 1853) was one of several claimants to be Louis XVII, the Dauphin who died during the French Revolution.
Jeziorno [jɛˈʑɔrnɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Człuchów, within Człuchów County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of Człuchów and 105 km (65 mi) south-west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Vosloorus is a large township situated south of Boksburg and just east of Katlehong in Ekurhuleni, just 30 kilometres south-east of Johannesburg, Gauteng, South Africa. It was established in 1963 when Black Africans were removed from Stirtonville[2] because it was considered by the government too close to a white town. Stirtonville, renamed Reiger Park, has since become home to Boksburg's coloured community. A local authority was established in 1983 when Vosloorus was given full municipal status.
Birdseye is a town in Jefferson Township, Dubois County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.[2] At the 2010 census, the town population was 415.
The Great Yokai War (Japanese: 妖怪大戦争, Hepburn: Yōkai Daisensō) is a 2005 Japanese fantasy film directed by Takashi Miike, produced by Kadokawa Pictures and distributed by Shochiku. The film stars Ryunosuke Kamiki, Hiroyuki Miyasako, Chiaki Kuriyama, and Mai Takahashi.
This was the first edition of the tournament.
Memorial Day has been observed annually since 1 July 1917, to recall the losses of approximately 700 soldiers of the 1st Newfoundland Regiment from the Dominion of Newfoundland at Beaumont-Hamel on the first day on the Somme during the First World War. Since the induction of Newfoundland into Canada in 1949, "Memorial Day" has been amalgamated to commemorate the war-time sacrifices of members of the armed forces of the Canadian province Newfoundland and Labrador. It is observed concurrently with Canada's national holiday, Canada Day.
Afanasovskaya (Russian: Афанасовская) is a rural locality (a village) in Troitskoye Rural Settlement, Ust-Kubinsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 67 as of 2002.[2] There are 3 streets.[3]
24°50′59″N 67°00′20″E﻿ / ﻿24.84972°N 67.00556°E﻿ / 24.84972; 67.00556The Santa Catalina de Alejandria Parish Church (Spanish: Iglesia Parroquial de Santa Catalina de Alejandría), commonly known as the Tayum Church, is a 19th-century Baroque church located at Brgy. Poblacion, Tayum, Abra, Philippines. The parish church, under the patronage of Saint Catherine of Alexandria, is under the jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Bangued. The church, together with 25 other Spanish-era churches, was declared a National Cultural Treasure by the National Museum of the Philippines in 2001.[1] Its current parish priest is Fr. Roderick Ardaniel, who succeeded Fr. Ruben Valdez.
Acetylthiocholine is an acetylcholine analog used in scientific research.[1][2]
The Mount Nebo Archaeological District is a historic district in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Ohio.  Located near North Bend,[1] the district lies near the intersection of Mount Nebo and Brower Roads.[2]  Included in the district's 40 acres (16 ha) of area are two contributing properties:[1] one large archaeological site and one Native American mound.[3]
Letuli Toloa was an American Samoa paramount chief and the longest-serving President of the American Samoa Senate (at the time of his death).[1] From 1989 until his death on January 30, 1996, Paramount Chief Punefu-ole-motu Letuli Toloa served as Senate President.
Krzekotowice [kʂɛkɔtɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pępowo, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1]
Katherine Van Winkle Palmer (February 5, 1895 – September 12, 1982) was a tertiary paleontologist, a scientist who studied fossils from the Cenozoic Era, and an accomplished geologist.[1] Palmer is recognized for her field/doctoral study on Veneracean lamellibranches,[1] a class of bivalve molluska that include clams, scallops and oysters. Palmer was a director of the Paleontological Research Institution (PRI) in New York.[2] During Palmer's time as the director of the PRI, she oversaw the publication of numerous Bulletins of American Paleontology as well as several issues of Palaeontographica Americana.[2] Palmer is well known for her field study and collection of molluscs that took place in several parts of the world, most notably in the Gulf of Mexico. Katherine was married to Ephraim L. Palmer and had two children together, Laurence and Richard Palmer.
Qaleh-ye Hoseynabad (Persian: قلعه حسين اباد, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩoseynābād)[1] is a village in Charuymaq-e Sharqi Rural District, Shadian District, Charuymaq County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 465, in 78 families.[2]
The Berger Building is a historic building in Nashville, Tennessee, USA.
Charles Anderson was an Australian rules footballer for the Port Adelaide Football Club in the South Australian Football League.[1]
The year 1920 in science and technology involved some significant events, listed below.
Kongsgård (Swedish: Kungsgård) is a residence, estate, or farmland that has belonged to or still belongs to the Scandinavian monarchs or royal families.
The Grand Exposition Coaster is a steel roller coaster located at Silver Dollar City in Branson, Missouri that opened in April 2006. It is believed to be a replacement of Runaway Ore Cart. The Grand Exposition Coaster was built by Zamperla of Italy as part of a new area of the park dubbed "The Grand Exposition". The ride consists of little more than a small drop and upwards helix, traversed by the train three times for each ride cycle.
John William "Ziggy" Sears (January 10, 1892 – December 16, 1956) was a professional baseball umpire who worked in the National League from 1934 to 1945. Sears umpired 1,647 major league games in his 12-year career. He umpired in two World Series (1938 and 1944) and two All-Star Games (1935 and 1944).[1] He also was a minor league baseball outfielder for 15 seasons between 1912 and 1928.[2]
Adam of Eynsham (died after 1233) was a medieval English chronicler and writer. He was a monk and Abbot of Eynsham Abbey.
Wiedingharde (Wiedingharde North Frisian: Wiringhiird) was an amt (collective municipality) in the district of Nordfriesland, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It was situated on the North Sea coast and on the border with Denmark. Its seat was in Neukirchen (Naisjösbel). In January 2008, it was merged with the Ämter Karrharde, Süderlügum and Bökingharde, and the municipalities Niebüll and Leck to form the Amt Südtondern.
School corporal punishment is the deliberate infliction of physical pain as a response to undesired behavior by students. The term corporal punishment derives from the Latin word for the "body", corpus. In schools it may involve striking the student on the buttocks or on the palms of their hands[1][2] with an implement such as a rattan cane, wooden paddle, slipper, leather strap or wooden yardstick. Less commonly, it could also include spanking or smacking the student with an open hand, especially at the kindergarten, primary school, or other more junior levels.[citation needed]
Verkh-Neyvinsky (Russian: Верх-Нейвинский) is an urban locality (a work settlement) in Nevyansky District of Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia.
Population:  5,098 (2010 Census);[7] 5,242 (2002 Census);[8] 6,546 (1989 Census).[9]
Wolfgang Menzel (21 June 1798[1] – 23 April 1873), German poet, critic and literary historian, was born at Waldenburg (Wałbrzych) in Silesia.[2]
Gardiner Place Historic District is a national historic district located at Walton in Delaware County, New York. The district contains three contributing buildings.  They are the Village Hall, Ogden Free Library, and the separately listed U.S. Post Office.[2]
Atbi A. Riklon is a Marshallese politician serving Ujae Atoll in Nitijela.[2] He was elected in the 2019 election with 190 votes against opponent Waylon Muller who received 96 votes.[3] He also was elected Iroijlaplap in the 2017 Marshallese Constitutional Convention election.
Luis Omar Lara Mendoza (June 9, 1941 – July 2, 2021) was a Chilean poet, translator, and editor.[1][2]
Las Olas River House is a 42-story residential skyscraper located in downtown Fort Lauderdale, Florida. It stood as the tallest building in Ft. Lauderdale, until The Icon on Las Olas overtook it in late 2017. The structure is a complex created by three adjoining buildings; two duplicate 42-story towers, and one 34-story tower.[1]
Miao Room is the largest known cave chamber by volume in the world.[1] It is a part of the Gebihe cave system, which is located in Ziyun Getu He National Park, in Ziyun county of the Chinese province of Guizhou.[2]
The chamber, discovered by a French expedition called Gebihe'89 in 1989, measures 852 metres (2,795 ft) in length, 191 metres (627 ft) in width, has an area of 154,500 square metres (1,663,000 sq ft) and a volume of 10,780,000 cubic metres (381,000,000 cu ft). In 2013 members of a British led expedition measured the chamber using 3-D laser scanners.[1][3]
Moldova competed in the Winter Olympic Games as an independent nation for the first time at the 1994 Winter Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway.
Rabbi Seymour Rossel (born August 9, 1945) is an American author, publisher, editor, educator, and founder of Rossel Books. Through his work in editing, writing, and publishing, he has influenced Jewish education and culture throughout the English-speaking world.[1]
Nabil Yaâlaoui (born May 1, 1987 in Maghnia) is an Algerian footballer who is currently playing for USM Annaba in the Algerian Ligue Professionnelle 2.
Moccasin (April 16, 1963 – July 1, 1986) was an American Thoroughbred Champion racehorse. In a career that lasted from 1965 to 1967, she ran twenty-one times and won eleven races. She remains the only two-year-old filly to be voted United States Horse of the Year. Moccasin won only one race in each of her two subsequent seasons but was an effective performer over sprint distances.
Code Pink: Women for Peace (often stylized as CODEPINK) is a left-wing internationally active 501(c) organization that describes itself as a "grassroots peace and social justice movement working to end U.S.-funded wars and occupations, to challenge militarism globally and to redirect our resources into health care, education, green jobs and other life-affirming activities." In addition to its focus on what the group considers anti-war issues, it has taken action on issues such as drone strikes, the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Palestinian statehood, the Iran nuclear deal, Saudi Arabia, and Women Cross DMZ. 
Janet Kainembabazi Museveni (née Kataaha; born June 24, 1948) is a Ugandan politician who has been the First Lady of Uganda since 1986. She is married to President Yoweri Museveni, with whom she has four children. She has been Cabinet Minister of Education and Sports in the Ugandan Cabinet, since 6 June 2016, although her own education record is questioned.[1][2] She previously served as Minister for Karamoja Affairs in the Cabinet of Uganda from 27 May 2011 until 6 June 2016.[3][4] She also served as the elected Member of Parliament representing Ruhaama County in Ntungamo District, between 2011 and 2016. She published her autobiography, My Life's Journey, in 2011.[5][6]
Eleftheroupoli (Greek: Ελευθερούπολη, katharevousa: Ελευθερούπολις - Eleftheroupolis, until 1929 Πράβι - Pravi,[2] Bulgarian: Правище; Turkish: Pravişte) is a town and a former municipality in the Kavala regional unit, East Macedonia and Thrace, Greece. Since the 2011 local government reform it is part of the municipality Pangaio, of which it is the seat and a municipal unit.[3] The municipal unit has an area of 126.974 km2.[4] At the 2011 census, the municipal unit's population was 9,492, the town's population was 4,360.[1]
Robert Conness (1867/68 – 1941)[1] was an American stage and film actor. Born in 1867 or 1868[2] he began in the theatre in 1894 and performed in vaudeville and on Broadway. He began in silent film in 1910 and made his last film appearance in 1918. He was married to actress Helen Strickland.[3]
CDP-paratose synthase (EC 1.1.1.342, rfbS (gene)) is an enzyme with systematic name CDP-alpha-D-paratose:NADP+ 4-oxidoreductase.[1][2] This enzyme catalyses the following chemical reaction
EasyWriter was a word processor first written for the Apple II series computer in 1979, the first word processor for that platform.[1]

Colonel Cranston Albury McEachern DSO (9 September 1905 – 15 October 1983) was an Australian army officer and solicitor.
Maicon Talhetti (born 23 February 1990) is a Brazilian footballer who most recently played for Moto Club as a midfielder.

Richard Weston was MP for Petersfield from  1593 to 1597.[1]
North and Middle Andaman district is one of the 3 districts of the Indian Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands located in the Bay of Bengal. Mayabunder town is the district headquarters. The area covered by this district is 3251.85 km2.
Verdelot (French pronunciation: [vɛʁdəlo] (listen)) is a French commune located in the Seine-et-Marne département, in the Île-de-France région.
The 2019 New York Excelsior season was the second season of New York Excelsior's (NYXL) existence in the Overwatch League. The season saw NYXL looking to bounce back from a disappointing loss to the Fusion in the semifinals of the 2018 playoffs after the team finished with the best regular season record, 34–6, of the 2018 season.
Miranda is an unincorporated community in Faulk County, in the U.S. state of South Dakota.[1]

James Hector McRae Dunn (22 April 1886 – 8 November 1975) was an Australian politician.
Charles Seton Henry Hardee (August 9, 1830 – August 22, 1927) was an American historian based in Savannah, Georgia. His memoirs Reminiscences of Charles Seton Henry Hardee and Charles Seton Henry Hardee's Recollections of old Savannah, published by his granddaughter after his death, were written when he was over the age of ninety[1] and became noted works on the history of the city's early years.[2] His manuscript was accurate due to his verification of any subject he did not feel completely sure about. He died at his desk during the writing of the second volume in 1927.
A8V is point mutation on Troponin C (cTNC) that leads to a hypertrophic cardiomyopathy. The coordinated cardiac muscle contraction is regulated by the troponin complex on thin filament (troponin C which is calcium binding, troponin T that plays the role with tropomyosin, and troponin I which has an inhibitory action annulating the S1 ATPase activity in the presence of tropomyosin and troponin and absence of Ca2+).[1][2] This mutation is determined by the change of Alanine to Valine at nucleotide 23 from C to T.[3] Patients with this type of mutation shows thickness on the left ventricle wall of around 18 mm, compared to the normal this thickness would be 12 mm.[3][4] Also, A8V affects the Ca2+ binding affinity compared to normal genotype and increased sensitivity on force development.[4]
William Leap is an emeritus professor of anthropology at American University (Washington, DC) and an affiliate professor in the Women's, Gender and Sexuality Studies Program at Florida Atlantic University (Boca Raton, FL). He works in the overlapping fields of language and sexuality studies and queer linguistics, and queer historical linguistics.
The second French bombardment of Tourane (Đà Nẵng) took place on 26 September 1856, between the first bombardment in 1847 and the third bombardment at the start of the Cochinchina campaign in 1858.
Kanifay (Yapese: Kanifaay) is a village and municipality in the state of Yap, Federated States of Micronesia.[1]
The Jean Piaget University of Cape Verde (Portuguese: Universidade Jean Piaget de Cabo Verde) is a private university in Cape Verde. The university is named after the famous Swiss child psychologist and philosopher Jean Piaget.[4] The university was established on 7 May 2001, and now has about 2,000 students and 380 academic staff.[2]
Illusions is the debut studio album of Sadus originally released in 1988. It was re-issued on CD by Roadrunner Records as Chemical Exposure in 1991, and again in 2006 with two bonus tracks.
The Olivenhain Town Meeting Hall is a community meeting house located at 423 Rancho Santa Fe Rd. in Olivenhain, California. The wood frame building was constructed from 1894 to 1895 by the settlers of Olivenhain. The residents of Olivenhain used the building for nearly all community functions, including political meetings, agricultural discussions, weddings, and community dances. Almost every important event in the community's history took place in the hall, and one author called the building "the nerve center of Olivenhain". An annex was added to the hall in 1916, using redwood from a second meeting hall which had fallen into disrepair.[2]
The Festival of Neglected Romantic Music was founded by musicologist Frank Cooper at Butler University in Indianapolis, Indiana in 1968.
Petr Švácha is a Czech entomologist with the Academy of Sciences of the Czech Republic.[1] In 2008, Švácha was arrested by Indian authorities for collecting insect specimens in Singalila National Park without proper permits.[2][3] A group of Indian scientists responded by launching a petition in their support[citation needed] which ultimately gathered more than 1,200 signatures from leading entomologists worldwide. However, Švácha was fined, while his assistant Emil Kučera was sentenced to three years imprisonment[4][5] but fled home to the Czech Republic prior to sentencing.[6] Their conviction was the first under India's Biological Diversity Act of 2002.[4]
The Yishun Community Hospital (Abbreviation: YCH) is a 428-bed[1] community hospital in Yishun, Singapore. It is part of an integrated healthcare development that includes the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital (abbreviated to KTPH).[1]
Also known as a "perfume lamp", "effusion lamp," or "catalytic lamp", a fragrance lamp is a lamp that disperses scented alcohol using a catalytic combustion wick consisting of a cotton wick threaded through a natural, porous stone. The catalytic combustion wick was developed and patented by Maurice Berger, a French pharmaceutical dispenser, in 1898 as a means of purifying the air in hospitals and mortuaries.[1][2][3]  It is claimed that this catalytic oxidation process destroys bacteria in the air and increases oxygen levels.[4]
The Flüela Pass (German: Flüelapass, Romansh: Pass dal Flüela, elevation 2,384 m (7,822 ft)) is a high mountain pass of the Swiss Alps in Graubünden. Traditionally considered the boundary between the Albula and Silvretta Alps, the pass crosses the watershed / drainage divide between the basins of the Rivers Rhine and Danube. The pass is overlooked by the Flüela Schwarzhorn (Albula Alps) and the Flüela Wisshorn (Silvretta Alps). The summit of the pass lies between the lakes Lai da la Scotta and Lai Nair.[1]
The boys' sprint competition of the biathlon events at the 2012 Winter Youth Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria, was held on January 15, at Seefeld Arena. 50 athletes from 30 different countries took part in this event. The race was 7.5 km in length.[1]
Natalia Independent School District is a public school district based in Natalia, Texas (USA).
Fantastic Damage is the first solo studio album by American hip hop artist El-P. It was released through Definitive Jux on May 14, 2002.[1] It peaked at number 198 on the Billboard 200 chart.[2] Music videos were created for "Stepfather Factory"[3] and "Deep Space 9mm".[4]
Sihe (Chinese: 四河) is a station on Line 1 of the Chengdu Metro in China.[1][2]
Transcoder is a Belgian alternative rock band, founded in 2010, consisting of five members: Jan Van Acker (vocals), Jonathan Veriez (guitar), Steve Lehnen (guitar), Miguel Wensch (bass) and Minco De Bruin (drums).
Kozinka (Russian: Козинка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Prishibinsky Selsoviet of Yenotayevsky District, Astrakhan Oblast, Russia. The population was 11 as of 2010.[2] There is 1 street.
The August Holiday (Irish: Lá Saoire i mí Lúnasa), also called the August Bank Holiday, is observed in Ireland on the first Monday of August.[1][2] It was first observed in 1871, when it was created by the British Act of Parliament, the Bank Holidays Act 1871.
Anhelli is a prose poem written by Polish Romantic-era poet and dramatist Juliusz Słowacki in 1837 and published the following year in Paris.
Arthur Robert Taylor (July 6, 1935 – December 3, 2015) was an American businessman.
Olga Matīsa (born 15 July 1986) is a Latvian footballer who plays as a midfielder for Sieviešu Futbola Līga club Rīgas FS and the Latvia women's national team.
Jean Levaillant (9 October 1794 – 1871) was a French general.
Albert Jakob Welti (October 11, 1894 – December 5, 1965) was a Swiss writer and painter.
Robertson Boulevard is a street in Los Angeles, in the U.S. state of California, that also passes through the incorporated cities of West Hollywood, Beverly Hills, and Culver City.
Shannon Cemetery is a historic cemetery located near Pearisburg, Giles County, Virginia. It consists of two discontiguous sections, a white section and a black section, located approximately a thousand feet apart at about 1,900 feet in elevation above sea level.  The white (south) section was established in 1781 and contains a variety of grave markers including inscribed and uninscribed fieldstones, decoratively carved tombstones of indigenous stone and imported marble, concrete markers, and twentieth century granite monuments. The black (north) section was established in the 19th century and has small uninscribed fieldstone markers and one professionally carved marble headstone. The Shannon Cemetery is believed to be the oldest maintained cemetery in the county.[3]
The Union County Park Commission Administration Buildings are located in Warinanco Park in Elizabeth, New Jersey. The Administration Building and the Service Building were built in 1924-1925 in the Tudor Revival style soon after the establishment of the commission. They  were listed on the state (#2675) and the federal (# 85002976) registers of historic places in 1985.[1][2][3][4]
The 2021 RFL 1895 Cup, known as the 2021 AB Sundecks 1895 Cup for sponsorship reasons, is the second playing[a] of the RFL 1895 Cup, a rugby league football competition for clubs in the United Kingdom. The competition is for the professional clubs  who play in the Championship and  League 1 (the second and third tiers of rugby league in the United Kingdom) and was played between March and July 2021.
Harper Township is a township in Southeastern Cleveland County, Arkansas. Harper Township was one of the first townships created when Cleveland County was organized on May 17, 1873.[1] The population has since grown to over 538 in 2010 [2]
Canton Bend, once known simply as Canton, is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.[1]  Located on the south bank of the Alabama River, it served as the first county seat for Wilcox County from 1819 until its move to Camden in 1833.[2]  It has several historic sites, including Youpon Plantation and the Tristram Bethea House.[3]
Realart Pictures was a motion picture distribution company founded in 1948 by Jack Broder and Joseph Harris.  The company specialized in reissues of older pictures, particularly from the library of Universal Pictures, but also handled an occasional pickup or import, as well as the films made by Jack Broder Productions.[1] It is not to be confused with Realart Productions, a silent movie production unit that was affiliated with Adolph Zukor's Famous Players–Lasky studios, and had no relation to the silent pictures' Realart Pictures Corporation that handled Paramount Pictures releases.
Take Me Out Indonesia is reality show based on the format of Taken Out and aired by Indosiar from the date of June 19, 2009 until June 30, 2013, then aired by antv from September 19, 2016 until August 27, 2017, GTV from July 27, 2019 until March 26, 2020, and MNCTV from June 29, 2023 until present. Take Me Out Indonesia is a search-themed event and broadcast partner for 2 hours (90 minutes since the 3rd). In this event, the 30 single women standing behind the podium pick 7 single men, introduced one by one. In 2016, the show is back again but this time is shown on antv because a TV station which is usually a TMOI broadcasting rights for approximately 4 years (2009-2013), Indosiar choose to stop contracts and chose to focus on the program "dangdut". In 2019, the show is back again but this time is shown on GTV because some of Fremantle's TV show that aired on this channel due to the cooperation between them. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the GTV season has been stopped. In 2023, this show is back but this time it will be aired on MNCTV, GTV's sister channel.
The Gold Lottery of 1832 was the seventh lottery of the Georgia Land Lotteries, a lottery system used by the State of Georgia between the years 1805 and 1833 to redistribute stolen Cherokee land.  It was authorized by the Georgia General Assembly by an act of December 24, 1831 a few years after the start of the Georgia Gold Rush.  The act specified that approximately one third of the 160-acre (0.65 km2) land districts to be distributed by lottery under the act of December 21, 1830 (the sixth land lottery), be designated as gold districts of 40 acres (160,000 m2) each and to be distributed in a separate lottery.   The drawings for the Gold Lottery of 1832 occurred between October 22, 1832 and May 1, 1833 and applied to land that had been owned by the Cherokee Nation.
The McMullin-Warren House, at 301 W. Main St. in Sebree, Kentucky, is a Queen Anne-style house built in 1901.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.[1]
Miecznikowo-Siwe [mjɛt͡ʂniˈkɔvɔ ˈɕivɛ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Janowiec Kościelny, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1]
George Hemming (December 15, 1868 – June 3, 1930), also known as Old Wax Figger, was a pitcher in Major League baseball in the late 19th century. His first season was with the Cleveland Infants, most likely because his hometown, Carrollton was nearby. However, his career soon left Cleveland and went to teams such as the Brooklyn Grooms, Cincinnati Reds, Louisville Colonels and Baltimore Orioles. His best performance was with the 1895 Orioles, when he posted career highs in wins (20) and E.R.A. (4.05)
Elia Comini (7 May 1910 – 1 October 1944) was an Italian Roman Catholic priest and a professed member from the Salesians of Don Bosco.[1] He served as a teacher after his ordination in two different areas until he returned to his hometown towards the end of the devastating World War II to tend to wounded and displaced people.[2][3] But the fierce fighting between the Nazis and Allies plus the partisan forces saw Comini and fellow priest (and future Servant of God) Nicola Capelli captured and murdered after the Nazis made accusations of the pair being spies.[3]
Valter or Walter Roman (October 9, 1913 – November 11, 1983), born Ernst or Ernő Neuländer, was a Romanian communist activist and soldier. During his lifetime, Roman was active inside the Romanian, Czechoslovakian, French, and Spanish Communist parties[1] as well as being a Comintern cadre. He started his military career as a volunteer in the International Brigades during the Spanish Civil War, and rose to prominence in Communist Romania, as a high-level politician and military official.
Xosé Manoel Núñez Seixas (born 1966) is a Spanish historian who specializes in nationalism studies, the cultural history of war and violence, and migration studies.

George Benjamin Thorneycroft CBE JP (8 January 1893[1] – 29 June 1975)[2] was a British trade union leader.
The Christian School and Chapel for the Deaf (CSC; Spanish: Colegio Cristiano y Capilla para Sordos) is a school located in Luquillo, Puerto Rico. It was named the Evangelical School for the Deaf (ESD) until its name change in 2011.
Below are the squads for the 2015 AFF Women's Championship, hosted by Vietnam, which took place between 1–10 May 2015.
Balzarine (Balzorine) was a cotton and worsted fabric of the 19th century.[1] It was a lightweight union cloth made of cotton and wool.[2]
Notable people named Chukwuka include:
Al Raed Saudi Football Club (Arabic: نادي الرائد Nādī ar-Rāʾid, "Pioneer Club") is a Saudi football club based in Buraidah, and the first of its kind in the Qassim region of Saudi Arabia.[2] One of the club's notable founders is Abdulaziz Al-Aboudi. Established in 1954, Al Raed have played in the Saudi Pro League, the top division of Saudi football, since 2008.
"Across The Border" is the third single released by the Japanese band Vivid. This was released in three different versions: a limited CD+DVD edition, a limited CD only edition, and a regular CD only edition. Limited edition A came with a DVD of the title song's PV, while limited edition B came with a 16-page booklet and the B-side track "feast of the moon". The regular edition came with the B-side track "Twilight". The limited editions have only 3,000 copies each. The single reached number 22 on the Oricon weekly charts, where it charted for three weeks, selling 5,958 copies.

A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - XYZ
Patriot Park (Russian: Парк «Патриот») is a theme park in Kubinka, Russia that is themed around equipment of the Russian military and the Soviet Union's victory in World War II. The park, which officially opened in 2016,[1] is designed around a military theme, and includes interactive exhibits with military equipment (including a mini-Reichstag to storm).[2][3][4]
39°34′17″N 16°38′11″E﻿ / ﻿39.5713°N 16.6364°E﻿ / 39.5713; 16.6364
Women's football in China is one of the traditional powers of women's football.[1][2] China has only 6,000 to 7,000 registered female players above age 12, according to the Chinese soccer federation statistics.[1][3] China has fallen behind other countries in the 21st century in regards of developing quality footballers in terms of quality  and quantity.[4]
Jason Ryan Jennings (born July 17, 1978) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He pitched in Major League Baseball with the Colorado Rockies (2001-2006), Houston Astros (2007) and Texas Rangers (2008-2009).
Nutter's Battery is a scenic overlook in the North Woods of Central Park in Manhattan, New York City, overlooking the Harlem Meer to the north. The battery was built during the War of 1812 as a small part of an extensive system of fortification intended to defend against a British invasion from the north. After the war, the wall fell into ruin and eventually disappeared. The Parks Department built a low wall in 1945 to mark the spot, and the Central Park Conservancy rebuilt the wall in 2014, adding paths and planting.[2] The battery was named after Valentine Nutter, who owned the surrounding property.[3]
Republican Township is a township in Clay County, Kansas, USA.  As of the 2000 census, its population was 1,024.

53°29′12″N 113°26′20″W﻿ / ﻿53.48667°N 113.43889°W﻿ / 53.48667; -113.43889

The Portrait of Maria Anna is a 1630 portrait of Maria Anna of Spain by Diego Velázquez. It is now in the Museo del Prado.
Eliahu Sacharoff (1914–October 30, 2018) was a member of the Haganah who, on 8 October 1943, was sentenced by a military court in the British Mandate of Palestine to seven years' imprisonment after being found guilty of possessing more ammunition than his firearm license allowed.
David Martin (born February 3, 1988, in Denver, Colorado) is an American soccer player who currently plays for Colorado Rush.
Boondocks Road (formerly Jap Road) is a 4.3-mile (6.9-kilometer) road in Fannett, Texas.
Smart hoMes for All (SM4All) is an international scientific research project funded by the European Community. It started on September 1, 2008, and will end on August 31, 2011. The SM4All  project aims at studying and developing an innovative middleware platform for inter-working of smart embedded services in immersive and personcentric environments, through the use of composability and semantic techniques, in order to guarantee dynamicity, dependability and scalability, while  preserving the privacy and security of the platform and its users. This is applied to the challenging scenario of private/home/building in presence of users with different abilities and needs (e.g., young able bodied aged and disabled).[1]
Ana Flávia Nogueira (born 1974) is a Brazilian chemist who is a professor at the State University of Campinas (Unicamp) since 2004.[1] Her research considers nanostructured materials for solar applications. She was elected to the Brazilian Academy of Science in 2022.[2]
Patty Wickman (born 1959) is an American contemporary artist based in Los Angeles, California.[1] Wickman is a professor of Painting and Drawing at the University of California, Los Angeles.[2]
Stephen Charles Vasciannie is a Jamaican law professor. Formerly Deputy Solicitor-General and principal of the Norman Manley Law School, Vasciannie served as Jamaica's Ambassador Extraordinary Plenipotentiary to the United States from 2012 up to July 17, 2015, when he stepped down to return to academic life.
Milena Milasevic (born 11 February 1984 in Cetinje) is a track and field athlete who competes internationally for Montenegro in sprinting events and the long jump.[1]
X-ray Markers, also known as: anatomical side markers,[1] Pb markers, lead markers, x-ray lead markers, or radiographic film identification markers, are used to mark x-ray films, both in hospitals and in industrial workplaces (such as on aeroplane parts and motors). They are used on radiographic images to determine anatomical side of body, date of the procedure, and may include patients name.
Arenas is a barrio in the municipality of Utuado, Puerto Rico. Its population in 2010 was 1,860.[3][4][5]
Medonosy (German: Medonost) is a municipality and village in Mělník District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 100 inhabitants. The village of Nové Osinalice within the municipality has well preserved examples of folk architecture is protected by law as a village monument reservation.
Vampire Zero is a 2008 vampire novel written by David Wellington.
Siegfried Freiherr von Kospoth, born in 1740 and died in Kremsier (Kromĕříž) Moravia on 16 December 1809, was an officer of the Habsburg Army during the Wars of First and Second Coalitions.
James Arthur Krumhansl (August 2, 1919 – May 6, 2004) was an American physicist who specialized in condensed matter physics and materials science. He spent much of his career at Cornell University. He also served as president of the American Physical Society and assistant director for mathematics, physical sciences, and engineering for the National Science Foundation. In 1987 he testified before Congress that the Superconducting Super Collider would be too costly.

This is a list of amphibians and reptiles found in Denmark. It does not include species found only in captivity or extinct species. Conservation status after most recent Danish Red List,[1] with assessment criteria following IUCN.
Dakar Department is one of the Departments of Senegal, located in the Dakar Region.
Jana Klusáčková (née Myšková) (born 29 October 1977) is a Czech former swimmer who specialized in sprint freestyle events.[1] She is a two-time Olympian and a multiple-time Czech champion and record holder for the freestyle events (50, 100, and 200 m).[2][3] Klusackova also won a bronze medal in the 100 m freestyle at the 2005 Summer Universiade in Izmir, Turkey, in an outstanding time of 56.40 seconds.[4]
Marcello Creti (16 April 1922, in Rome – 1 January 2000, in Sutri) was an Italian inventor, gem prospector, and reported healer who for a time led a group in a farm called Sapientia.[1] In youth he was hailed for his inventions and in 1940 won the Gold Medal of the Fascist Syndicate of Inventors.[2] One of these inventions involved the automobile.[3] Later in life he became known for his eccentric views and was included in The Big Book of Weirdos by Carl A Posey and Gahan Wilson.[4]
Miguel Irízar Campos C.P. (7 May 1934 – 19 August 2018) was a Spanish-born Peruvian Roman Catholic bishop.
The Castro of Vieito (Portuguese: Castro do Vieito) is an archaeological site of the Castro culture  of northwestern Iberian Peninsula, situated on the right margin of the Lima River estuary, in the civil parish of Perre, municipality of Viana do Castelo.
In Greek mythology, the Meleagrids (Ancient Greek: Μελεαγρίδες) were Calydonian princesses as the daughters of Queen Althaea and King Oeneus, and sisters of the hero Meleager. 
The Integrated Planning System is a structured planning framework adapted from the US military's Joint Operational Planning and Execution System (JOPES) and was developed and released by the US Department of Homeland Security in January 2009.[1]
Ali Saidi-Sief (Arabic: علي سعيدي سياف, born March 15, 1978) is an Algerian Olympic runner. His specialty is the 1500 m race, but he took a silver medal in the 2000 Summer Olympics for the 5000 m, losing the gold to Ethiopian athlete Million Wolde.[1]
"Fancy Brudgom" is the twentieth episode of the first season of the American television police sitcom series Brooklyn Nine-Nine. It was written by co-executive producer Laura McCreary and directed by Victor Nelli, Jr. It aired on Fox on March 11, 2014 in the United States.
The Gwangam Tunnel (광암터널) is a road tunnel located on Hanam, Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. The tunnel constitutes the Seoul Ring Expressway.
Texas RioGrande Legal Aid formerly Texas Rural Legal Aid (TRLA) is a nonprofit agency that specializes in providing free civil legal services to the poor in a 68-county service area.  It also operates a migrant farmworker legal assistance program in six southern states and a public defender program in southern rural counties of Texas.  Established in 1970, TRLA is the largest legal aid provider in Texas and the second largest in the United States.[1]
Las Marías Airport (Spanish: Aeródromo Las Marías) (ICAO: SCVL) is an airport 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Valdivia, a city in the Los Ríos Region of Chile. The airport operates in daylight hours year-round.[citation needed]
mokhshahr (Persian: مخشهر, also Romanized as Mokhshar; also known as Maḩchahr)[1] is a village in Dasht-e Veyl Rural District, Rahmatabad and Blukat District, Rudbar County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 44, in 10 families.[2]
Kati Sebestyén, a native of Hungary, is Professor of Violin and head of the string department at the Royal Conservatory of Brussels. She has played as a part of the Haydn Quartet[1] and leads the Sebestyén String Ensemble.[2]
Västernorrland County held a county council election on 14 September 2014 on the same day as the general and municipal elections.[1][2]
1132 Hollandia, provisional designation 1929 RB1, is a stony asteroid from the middle region of the asteroid belt, approximately 27 kilometers in diameter. It was discovered on 13 September 1929, by Dutch astronomer Hendrik van Gent at Leiden Southern Station, annex to the Johannesburg Observatory in South Africa.[13] It was named for the region Holland in the Netherlands.[2]
ChiRunning is a form of running influenced by t'ai chi.[1][2] It has been described as a "quasi-yoga-based style of running that is purported to reduce injury risk".[3]
Juticalpa Fútbol Club is a Honduran football club, based in Juticalpa, Honduras.
David Hendrix (born May 29, 1972, in Jesup, Georgia) is a former player in the National Football League. He played for the San Diego Chargers from 1995 to 1997. He played collegiality for the Georgia Tech football team.[1]
Martti Leo Tolamo (born Topelius; 21 February 1907 – 14 March 1940) was a Finnish athlete. He competed in the Olympic Games as a decathlete and a long jumper; his other strong event was the non-Olympic pentathlon, in which he broke the unofficial world record in 1930 and won two medals, including a gold, at the International University Games.
Universal Accounting Center (UA) is a privately owned training organization located in Salt Lake City, Utah.  Founded in 1979, they offer self-paced home-study courses in accounting, bookkeeping, tax preparation, QuickBooks and marketing that specializes in small business.
"Telacuti" is a song by the Dominican urban artist Lo Blanquito. The song was released on March 21, 2018 by Sony Latin Music and it is the lead single of their debut studio album Sin "S".  The track was a commercial success in the Dominican Republic[1] peaking inside the top five of the airplay charts. They toured Central America to promote the track.[2]
The Polish census of 1931 or Second General Census in Poland (Polish: Drugi Powszechny Spis Ludności) was the second census taken in sovereign Poland during the interwar period, performed on December 9, 1931 by the Main Bureau of Statistics.[1] It established that Poland's population amounted to almost 32 million people (over 6 million more than in the previous census of 1921).

The list of shipwrecks in March 1942 includes all ships sunk, foundered, grounded, or otherwise lost during March 1942.
Lorenzo Pellegrini (Italian pronunciation: [loˈrɛntso pelleˈɡriːni];[2][3] born 19 June 1996) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder for Serie A club Roma, which he captains, and the Italy national team.
Kaleidoscope was an underground newspaper that was published in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA]. Founded by John Kois, the radio disk jockey Bob Reitman and John Sahli (a member of The Shag),[1] it was published from October 6, 1967, to November 11, 1971, printing 105 biweekly issues.[2] The paper's first issue was printed with a borrowed $250 in an edition of 3,500 copies, which sold out in two days.
Nuran Tanrıverdi (born in İzmir) is a Turkish architect and painter.
The Museum of the Swiss Charters of Confederation (German: Bundesbriefmuseum; up to 1992 the Federal Charter Archive) is a history museum in Schwyz. It was built in 1936 as a national shrine for the Federal Charter of 1291, which was believed to be the founding document of the Swiss Confederation. Today, the museum explains the national myth and the actual history of the Old Swiss Confederacy. It features a collection of original documents and flags.
In accelerator physics, the Courant–Snyder parameters (frequently referred to as Twiss parameters or CS parameters) are a set of quantities used to describe the distribution of positions and velocities of the particles in a beam.[1] When the positions along a single dimension and velocities (or momenta) along that dimension of every particle in a beam are plotted on a phase space diagram, an ellipse enclosing the particles can be given by the equation:
Steve Largent
Republican
Hatice Ozyurt (born (1987-05-23)23 May 1987) is a Dutch female kickboxer and mixed martial artist, based in Steenwijk, Netherlands. She has competed professionally since 2010 and a WAKO-Pro runner up and mixed martial artist.[1][2][3]
The Statue Makers of Hollywood is the third and final album by the rock band The Alpha Band, released in 1978.[3]
KVUT (99.7 FM) is a terrestrial American radio station, broadcasting programming from National Public Radio (NPR) along with local news, weather, and community information.  During evenings and overnight, KVUT airs jazz music via PubJazz.  Licensed to Cuney, Texas, United States, the station is owned by The University of Texas at Tyler.
Gao Renhou (Chinese: 高仁厚) (d. 886) was an army general late in the Chinese Tang Dynasty who served under the warlord Chen Jingxuan the military governor of Xichuan Circuit (西川, headquartered in modern Chengdu, Sichuan).  Serving under Chen, he defeated the rebels Qian Neng (阡能), Han Xiusheng (韓秀升), and Qu Xingcong (屈行從), as well as Chen's rival Yang Shili the military governor of Dongchuan (東川, headquartered in modern Mianyang, Sichuan), after which Chen made him the military governor of Dongchuan.  By 886, however, Chen, who had become suspicious of his intentions, attacked him and killed him.
Springfield Township is a township in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,730 at the 2020 census.[2] The Connellsville Area School District serves the township.
Lutówko [luˈtufkɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sępólno Krajeńskie, within Sępólno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) west of Sępólno Krajeńskie and 55 km (34 mi) north-west of Bydgoszcz.
Partapil (Persian: پرتپيل, also Romanized as Partapīl)[1] is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 140, in 25 families.[2]
Edward Kallon (born January 14, 1961 in Sierra Leone), is the United Nations Resident Coordinator and Humanitarian Coordinator in Nigeria. Kallon is also the Resident Representative of the United Nations Development Programme in Nigeria (UNDP).[1] He held a similar position for the past three years in the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan, where he was also the Representative of the United Nations Population Fund in Jordan (UNFPA) and the Designated Official for Security.[2]
Antisexualism is opposition or hostility towards sexual behavior and sexuality.[1]
Shuqian Lu station is a planned station of Line 10 of Guangzhou Metro. It is planned to be built underground on the north side of Miaoqianzhi Street in Yuexiu District, near Dongshankou station. Due to the lack of transparency of the planning process and the site selection of Dongshan, the historical core area of Guangzhou, this site has caused controversy and attracted much attention.[1][2]
The 2005 NCAA Division I women's soccer tournament (also known as the 2005 Women's College Cup) was the 24th annual single-elimination tournament to determine the national champion of NCAA Division I women's collegiate soccer. The semifinals and championship game were played at Aggie Soccer Complex in College Station, Texas from December 2–4, 2005 while the preceding rounds were played at various sites across the country from November 10–25.[1]
Chaosnet is a local area network technology.  It was first developed by Thomas Knight and Jack Holloway at MIT's AI Lab in 1975 and thereafter. It refers to two separate, but closely related, technologies.[1] The more widespread was a set of computer communication packet-based protocols intended to connect the then-recently developed and very popular (within MIT) Lisp machines; the second was one of the earliest local area network (LAN) hardware implementations.
The Able was a small French cyclecar made in Avignon by Paul Toulouse, built between 1920 and 1927.  
Violence occurred in the aftermath of the 2021 West Bengal Legislative Assembly election, which the ruling Trinamool Congress won for a third consecutive term.
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to the history of the British Isles:
Gurr are a German garage rock duo, consisting of Andreya Casablanca and Laura Lee (both on vocals and guitar). Their debut album, In My Head, was released in 2016, and was the Independent Music Companies Association album of the year.[1]
Seven generation stewardship is a concept that urges the current generation of humans to live and work for the benefit of the seventh generation into the future.[citation needed]
It is believed to have originated[citation needed] with the Iroquois – Great Law of the Iroquois – which holds appropriate to think seven generations ahead and decide whether the decisions they make today would benefit their descendants.  It is frequently associated with the modern, popular concept of environmental stewardship or 'sustainability' but it is much broader in context.
Nahr-e Seyyed Yusef (Persian: نهرسيديوسف, also Romanized as Nahr-e Seyyed Yūsef; also known as Seyyed Yūsef)[1] is a village in Nasar Rural District, Arvandkenar District, Abadan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 132, in 24 families.[2]
The American Civil War: 1861–1865 is a board wargame published by Simulations Publications Inc. (SPI) in 1974 that is a strategic simulation of the American Civil War.

Zee Cine Award for Best Track of the Year is chosen from public-opinion poll, and the song is declared a winner at the actual ceremony. This category was first founded in 2004 and it is considered a prestigious award for a particular song of the film to win. In 2011, the category was renamed Zee Cine Award for Viewer's Choice Song of the Year.
Daniello Bartoli, SJ (Italian pronunciation: [daˈnjɛllo ˈbartoli]; 12 February 1608 – 13 January 1685) was an Italian Jesuit writer and historiographer, celebrated by the poet Giacomo Leopardi as the "Dante of Italian prose"[1]
The Albany Trust Company Building is a historic commercial building located at 35 State Street at the corner of Broadway in Albany, New York.  It was built in 1904 and was designed by Marcus T. Reynolds in the Renaissance Revival style. Currently, it is the main offices of the Research Foundation for the State University of New York.[2]
The Capehart House is a Queen Anne style house built circa 1898 by Charles P. Snuggs for Lucy Catherine Capehart and her second husband, B. A. Capehart.  Located on 424 North Blount Street in Raleigh, Wake County, North Carolina, it is one of the best examples of Queen Anne style architecture still standing in Raleigh. The Capehart House has an irregular skyline made of towers, turrets, dormers, and pediments, and luxurious facades ornamented with stained glass and decorative wooden designs.[2][3][4]
Robin Bell Dodson (born 30 May 1956) is a former professional billiards player.
Babuzai (also spelled: Babozai) (Pashto: بابوزي) is a Pashtun tribe. BABUZAI IS SUB TRIBE OF YOUSAFZAI
The canton of Fontaine-lès-Dijon is an administrative division of the Côte-d'Or department, eastern France. Its borders were modified at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Fontaine-lès-Dijon.[1]

National Labor Federation in Eretz-Israel (NLF) (Hebrew: הסתדרות העובדים הלאומית, romanized: Histadrut Ha'ovdim Haleumit) is a national trade union center in Israel.
Houssin is a surname of French origin.
Neus Ávila Bonastra[a] (born 26 July 1971), known as Neus Ávila, is a former professional tennis player from Spain.
Mohammed Aoulad Youssef (born 29 August 1991) is a Belgian professional footballer who plays as a centre-forward for Al-Khaldiya in Bahrain.[3]
Rose Thisse-Derouette (20 July 1902 – 16 September 1989) was a Belgian composer, conductor, musicologist, folklorist and teacher.[1] She was born in Liège, Belgium, and won the Prix de Rome for composition.[2]
XHBY-FM is a radio station on 96.7 FM in Tuxpan, Veracruz. It is owned by Radiorama and operated by Grupo VG Comunicaciones, and is known as Radio Lobo with a grupera format.
The Canadian Toy Testing Council was a volunteer-operated not-for-profit organization established in 1952[2] to test toys for playability and safety. The organization ceased operations in June 2015.[2]
The polder model (Dutch: poldermodel) is a method of consensus decision-making, based on the Dutch version of consensus-based economic and social policymaking in the 1980s and 1990s.[1][2] It gets its name from the Dutch word (polder) for tracts of land enclosed by dikes.
Časoris is a Slovenian online newspaper for children. It provides timely, relevant news articles for children, teachers in the classroom and parents at home. Časoris received international acclaim in 2019, when it was nominated for the first European Media Literacy Award. In the same year, its Stories of Children from around the World received the Intercultural Achievement Award in the Media Category. The project also won the Clarinet Project Award in the Web and Social Media category.
In solar observation, a magnetogram is a pictorial representation of the spatial variations in strength of the solar magnetic field.
The 1980 Honduras earthquake struck just offshore Honduras on August 9 at 05:45 UTC. Two people were killed and many injured.
The Uruguayan Championship of the Uruguayan Football Federation was a football tournament held in Uruguay between 1923 and 1925, during the schism of Uruguayan football.
Zagros TV (Arabic: قناة زاكروس الفضائية).[1][2][3]
(Kurdish: زاگرۆس تیڤی) is a Kurdish language satellite television[4] station in Iraqi Kurdistan, broadcasting since 2007. It belongs to the Kurdistan Democratic Party (KDP) and is based in Erbil.[5]
Pondok is an Austronesian language spoken on Sumba, Indonesia.[1]
Sang-hoon, also spelled Sang-hun, is a Korean masculine given name. It was the ninth-most popular name for baby boys in South Korea in 1960 and 1970.[1] Its meaning depends on the hanja used to write each syllable of the name.
Bidhuri[1] is a surname found in India and associated with the people of Gujjar caste. Vidhudi/Vidhuri/Bhiduri/Bidhudi is an alternative English surname spelling.
Potarzyca [pɔtaˈʐɨt͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jarocin, within Jarocin County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 8 kilometres (5 mi) south-west of Jarocin and 64 km (40 mi) south-east of the regional capital Poznań.
"Dynamic Tension" is the name Charles Atlas gave to the system of physical exercises that he first popularized in the 1920s.
The 2018–19 FC Ufa season was their fifth successive season in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of association football in Russia, and sixth in total. 
In political sociology, but also operative within the rest of the animal kingdom, a power structure is a hierarchy of competence or aggression (might) predicated on influence between an individual and other entities in a group. A power structure focuses on the way power and authority is related between people within groups such as a government, nation, institution, organization, or a society.[1] Such structures are of interest to various fields, including sociology, government, economics, and business. Power structures can be formally organized, such as a military[2] or a church.[3] Conversely, a power structure may be an informal set of roles, such as those found in a dominance hierarchy in which members of a social group interact, often aggressively, to create a ranking system. A culture that is organized in a dominance hierarchy is a dominator culture, the opposite of an egalitarian culture of partnership.[citation needed] A visible, dominant group or elite that holds power or authority within a power structure is often referred to as being the Establishment. Power structures are fluid, with changes occurring constantly, either slowly or rapidly, evolving or revolutionary, peacefully or violently.
Charles Gould Treat (December 30, 1859 – October 11, 1941) was a major general in the United States Army.

The Bangladesh Environmental Lawyers Association (Bengali: বাংলাদেশ পরিবেশ আইনজীবি সমিতি), or BELA (বেলা), is a nonprofit legal organization established in 1992 to assist efforts to protect the environment. In 2003, it was placed on the 'Global 500 Roll of Honour' of the United Nations Environmental Program (UNEP).[1][2] BELA was awarded the prestigious "Poribesh Puroshkar" (পরিবেশ পুরস্কার), or 'Environmental Prize', of the Bangladeshi government in 2007 and the joint winner of the Tang Prize in Rule of Law in 2020.
Apollonius (Ancient Greek: Απολλώνιος) was the spokesman of an embassy sent by the Seleucid ruler Antiochus IV Epiphanes to Rome in 173 BCE. He brought from Antiochus tribute and rich presents, and requested that the Roman Senate would renew with Antiochus the alliance which had existed between his father Menelaus, Antiochus III the Great, and the Romans.[1]
Al-Hamra is a housing project launched by Shaheen Foundation in 2005 for the officers of Pakistan Air Force.
Jean-Raymond Tournoux (15 August 1914 in Les Rousses – 23 November 1984 in Paris), was a French parliamentary journalist, writer and historian.[1] Fascinated by Pétain and de Gaulle, Tournoux devoted most of his work to them.[2] He became known as "the historian of secrecy" for his meticulous documentation, his storing of small snippets of conversation, and his revealing of "great secrets of contemporary history".[1][3][4][5]
Vərəzət (also, Verezet) is a village and municipality in the Shaki Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 1,609. 
Davida (minor planet designation: 511 Davida) is a large C-type asteroid. It is the one of the largest asteroids; approximately tied for 7th place, to within measurement uncertainties, and the 5th or 6th most massive. It was discovered by R. S. Dugan in 1903. Davida is named after David Peck Todd, an astronomy professor at Amherst College.

Charles Hay Frewen (25 May 1813 – 1 September 1878),[1] known until 1837 as Charles Hay Frewen-Turner, was an English land-owner and Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1846 to 1857 for East Sussex, and thereafter suffered a series of electoral defeats as he unsuccessfully challenged the political power of the Duke of Rutland in North Leicestershire.
Reda Slim (Arabic: رضا سليم; born 25 October 1999) is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays as a forward for Botola club AS FAR.[1]
Achaiki Football Club (Greek: Αχαϊκή Α.Ε.) is a Greek football club based in Kato Achaia, Achaea, Greece.
Facundo Maximiliano Moreira Burgos (born 27 February 1989) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for C.A. Cerro.[1]
Thilla Yaduwa is a village development committee in Dhanusa District in the Janakpur Zone of south-eastern Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2,740 persons living in 503 individual households.[1]
The Volkstum (lit. folkdom or folklore, though the meaning is wider than the common usage of folklore) is the entire utterances of a Volk or ethnic minority over its lifetime, expressing a "Volkscharakter" this unit had in common. It was the defining idea of the Völkisch movement.
Gertrude of Bavaria (Danish and German: Gertrud; 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.
The Benoit Freeman Project is an album by American pianist David Benoit and American guitarist Russ Freeman that was released in 1994 and recorded for the GRP label. The album reached No. 2 on the jazz chart at Billboard magazine. Freeman is the founder and leader of the Rippingtons.
Chicago Engineering Design Team (EDT) is an interdisciplinary engineering and robotics organization made up of students from the University of Illinois at Chicago (UIC). It was founded in 2000 by a small group of students that wanted to use the knowledge attained in the classroom in the field of theoretical and applied robotics. EDT is divided into three major teams, electrical, software, and mechanical, that aim to bring robotic engineering to the next level. The organization participates in robotics competitions, organizes various engineering events at UIC, and promotes Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) to the community through outreach events.

Lynette Ruth Breuer OAM (born 28 March 1951) is a former Australian politician who represented the electoral district of Giles in the South Australian House of Assembly for the Labor Party from 1997 to 2014. Breuer became Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly for the Mike Rann and Jay Weatherill Labor governments following the 2010 election. Breuer was the first female Speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly from 2010 to 2013.
Phosphatidylinositol 5-phosphate (PtdIns5P) is a phosphoinositide, one of the phosphorylated derivatives of phosphatidylinositol (PtdIns), that are well-established membrane-anchored regulatory molecules. Phosphoinositides participate in signaling events that control cytoskeletal dynamics, intracellular membrane trafficking, cell proliferation and many other cellular functions. Generally, phosphoinositides transduce signals by recruiting specific phosphoinositide-binding proteins to intracellular membranes.[1]
Remix Collection is a rare CD only released in Japan containing special alternate versions of songs from CeCe Peniston's first two albums Finally and Thought 'Ya Knew. Many of these versions were exclusively available on vinyl and were never released on CD. The album featured nine alternate versions previously available only on vinyl and was issued on CD in Japan in 1994.[3]
Silver sulfite is the chemical compound with the formula Ag2SO3. This unstable silver compound when heated and/or in light it decomposes to silver dithionate and silver sulfate.[3]
Multiplaza Aragón is a shopping center in Ecatepec, in Greater Mexico City, opened in 1978.[1] As of 2018 it had the highest number of visitors of any shopping center in the metropolitan area, 2.8 million visitors per month. Gross leasable area is 138,304 square metres (1,488,690 sq ft).[2][1]
Theodoros Skilakakis (born October 18, 1959) is a greek politician who served as Alternate Minister for Fiscal Policy of the Hellenic Republic in the government of Kyriakos Mitsotakis from 2020 to 2023, where he holds the portfolio of Government Expenditure. He is also a former Greek MEP, member of the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe and Chairman of the Central Committee of the party Drassi.[1]
Skogås is a district of Huddinge Municipality in Stockholm County, Sweden, 15 kilometres (9 mi) south of Stockholm along the railroad to the city and harbour of Nynäshamn. In 2016, Skogås had 14,451 inhabitants.[1] The suburb has conjoined with its northern neighbour Trångsund, forming a municipality district with a population of 22,200 people. The largest employer is the commercial centre in Länna.
Tsvetelin Lukov Chunchukov (Bulgarian: Цветелин Луков Чунчуков; born 26 December 1994) is a Bulgarian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga II side CSA Steaua București.[1]
Kalba Ice Factory is a gallery and art space in Kalba, Sharjah, a city on the East Coast of the United Arab Emirates. The 20,000 square-metre building was constructed by renovating a derelict feed mill and ice factory. It was opened to the public on the 8 February 2023, the opening timed to house Sharjah Biennial 15.
Andrea Roane (born 1949) is a former American newscaster for WUSA Channel 9 television in Washington, DC.[1][2][3][4][5][6]
Mickaël Germain (born 24 August 1981) is a Guadelopean former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He spent most of his career in France and made five appearances for the Guadeloupe national team.
A Kingdom Act (Dutch: Rijkswet) is an act of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, which scope goes beyond the constituent country the Netherlands, and which is (also) effective in the other constituent countries Aruba, Curaçao and/or Sint Maarten. Kingdom Acts are used for specific areas of law set out in the Charter for the Kingdom of the Netherlands (e.g. nationality law, foreign affairs), or for those areas where countries in the Kingdom of the Netherlands cooperate voluntarily.
Ahmadiyya is an Islamic branch in Switzerland, under the spiritual leadership of the caliph in London. The Community was founded on October 13, 1946, during the late period of the Second Caliphate, when the caliph directed Shaikh Nasir Ahmad to establish a mission in the country.[1] Today there are two Ahmadi mosques and 14 local branches, representing an estimated 800 Ahmadi Muslims.
Right for the Time is an album by American country music artist Waylon Jennings, released on Justice Records, an independent label, in 1996. Most of the songs on the album, as is the case with several later Jennings releases, were written by the singer himself. Among the other tracks, a cover of Paul Simon's "The Boxer" is notable. The liner notes for the album were written by the record's producer, Randall Jamail. Right for the Time failed to chart.  "Deep in the West," a duet with Jessi Colter, was released as a single and a music video was made.
Bandido ("Bandit") is a 2004 action thriller film written by Scott Duncan and Carlos Gallardo and directed by Roger Christian.  The story revolves around the CIA framing skilled thief Max Cruz aka "Bandido" (Gallardo) in order to gain his cooperation in helping them recover intelligence data that was stolen by Beno Gildemontes (Kim Coates), a Mexican Crime lord.
The Danish Sport Pony is a breed of riding pony. The Danish Sport Pony Breeding Association began breeding for the pony in the 1970s. The ponies are classified according to height and grouped into three classifications. It is usually dark, although the classic color was originally gray. The horses are registered through the Landsudvalget.
Future Perfect is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band Autolux. It was released on October 26, 2004 by DMZ and RED Ink Records.[2][3] The album was produced by musician and DMZ co-founder T Bone Burnett, and was primarily recorded at Sunset Sound Recorders in Los Angeles.
The Meadow River is a tributary of the Gauley River, making its headwaters in Greenbrier County and terminating in Nicholas County of West Virginia.  It is named for the grassy meadows wetlands which its upper watershed drains, and from which it springs.[1]
In the Alleys of Love (Persian: در کوچه‌های عشق, Dar Koocheha-ye Eshgh) is a 1991 Iranian war film about the city of Khorramshahr shortly after the Iran–Iraq War. The film was shot in colour on 35 mm film.
Etterlin is a surname.[1] Notable people with the surname include:
ABCs is the first official single by rapper K'naan on his album Troubadour. It also features rapper Chubb Rock and is produced by A&M/Octone Records.[1] The song was also featured on the soundtrack for the video game Madden 09 and in both the film and the trailer for The Trotsky. The song can be heard in the films Step Up 3D (2010) and The Roommate (2011). It samples Chubb Rock's "Treat 'Em Right" and Mulatu Astatke's "Kasalefkut hulu."
 Plaine des Chicots – Plaine d'Affouches Important Bird Area  is a 3688 ha tract of land on the island of Réunion, a French territory in the western Indian Ocean.
The 1985 PSA Men's World Open Squash Championship is the men's edition of the 1985 World Open, which serves as the individual world championship for squash players. The event took place in Cairo in Egypt from 18 November to 25 November 1985. Jahangir Khan won his fifth consecutive World Open title, defeating Ross Norman in the final.[1]
The Roubidoux Formation is a geologic formation in the Ozarks of Missouri and in Virginia. It preserves fossils dating back to the Ordovician period.
The Billabong Pro Teahupoo 2016 was an event of the Association of Surfing Professionals for 2016 World Surf League.
Feldkirchen bei Mattighofen is a municipality in the Braunau am Inn district in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is home to the Berglandmilch dairy, the largest cheese dairy in Austria. [3]
National Secondary Route 103, or just Route 103 (Spanish: Ruta Nacional Secundaria 103, or Ruta 103) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, located in the Heredia province.[1]
Evpatiy Kolovrat (Russian: Евпатий Коловрат) is a Russian icebreaker built at the Almaz Shipbuilding Company for the Russian Navy. The vessel is scheduled to enter service with the Pacific Fleet in 2023.[10]
The Kabompo River is one of the main tributaries of the upper Zambezi River. It flows entirely in Zambia, rising to the east of the source of the Zambezi, in North-Western Province along the watershed between the Zambezi and Congo river basins which also forms the border between Zambia and DR Congo.[citation needed] It is the second deepest river in Africa and one of the top five in the world.
Karl Löb (1910–1983) was an Austrian-born cinematographer. He worked on over ninety films in Austria and Germany including the 1953 comedy Miss Casanova.[1] Löb was born to an ethnically German family in the Czech part of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, but emigrated to Berlin following the Empire's dissolution.
Punta Campanella Lighthouse (Italian: Faro di Punta Campanella) is an active lighthouse at the end of the south-western extremity of the Sorrentine Peninsula, Campania on the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Nivdung is an Indian Marathi language film directed by Munawar Shameem. The film stars Bhushan Pradhan and Sanskruti Balgude.[1] Music by Rafique Shaikh. The film was released on 21 October 2016.
Comédie+ (formerly Comédie!) is a French cable network showing humorous programs since 1997. It bears some resemblance to Comedy Central; even the comédie word in the name is used in the very broad American meaning. It is directed by Dominique Farrugia, a former member of the Les Nuls comedy team. An often-shown program is La Grosse Emission which helped popularize the comedians troupe named Les Robins des Bois (The Robinhoods).
Roger Ellwood Cloud (December 4, 1909 – April 20, 1988), was an American politician of the Republican party who represented Ohio in several capacities.
Ludwig Radermacher (31 October 1867 – 28 June 1952) was a German-Austrian classical philologist born in Siegburg.
In the comic-strip field, a zombie strip (also known as a "legacy strip"[1]) is one whose creator has died or retired, but which continues to exist with new editions in publication.[2][3] The strips are taken over by others, often relatives of the originator. Zombie comic strips are often criticized as lacking the "spark" that originally made the strip successful.[2]
Post-missionary church and monastery in Lublin - the church of the Transfiguration of Our Lord in Lublin was erected in the years 1717–1730 for a seminary of the Congregation of the Mission, after the suppression of the monastery by Russians during the time of the Partitions of Poland taken over by the diocese. It was built in the Baroque style, laid out on the plan of a Greek cross with a cupola above the transept. The 19th century neo-Gothic chapel adjacent to the church has a modern iconostasis designed by Jerzy Nowosielski and is today used by Greek Catholic alumni. The palace from the first half of the 17th century, with its relief decorated with scenes from Polish history is the oldest part of the monastery. The Neo-Baroque monumental wing of the monastery, designed by Władysław Siennicki, dates back to 1908. The complex is surrounded with a 19th-century neo-Gothic wall.
The 1997 Croatian Indoors was a men's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Dom Sportova in Zagreb in Croatia and was part of the World Series of the 1997 ATP Tour. It was the second edition of the tournament and took place from January 27 through February 2, 1997. Goran Ivanišević won the singles title.
Brian Goggin is an American sculptor and installation artist. His art openings often include extravagant performance art themed block parties.[2] His studio is based in the Mission District of San Francisco.[3]
Édouard Fillias (born 21 April 1979) is a French classical liberal activist of Spanish origin.
Nickel(II) thiocyanate is a coordination polymer with formula Ni(SCN)2.[1] It is a green-brown solid and its crystal structure was determined first in 1982.[1]
An answer print is the first version of a given motion picture that is printed to film after color correction on an interpositive. It is also the first version of the movie printed to film with the sound properly synced to the picture.[1]
 Les bavards (English: The Chatterboxes) is an opéra bouffe, or operetta, by Jacques Offenbach, with a French libretto by Charles-Louis-Étienne Nuitter based on "Los dos habladores", a story by Miguel de Cervantes.[1]
Cyberactivism[1][2][3] in North Korea refers to activism carried out with the use of information technologies such as the Internet and the distribution of information by civil society[4] typically outside of North Korea to initiate and/or support change from within North Korea.
Francisco Meneses Osorio (1630–1705) was a Spanish painter.
Gregory Melvin Westbrooks (born February 24, 1953) is a former professional American football player who played as a linebacker for the New Orleans Saints, Oakland Raiders, St. Louis Cardinals, and Los Angeles Rams for a combined total of 7 seasons.
Paranthan railway station (Tamil: பரந்தன் தொடருந்து நிலையம் Parantaṉ toṭaruntu nilaiyam, Sinhala: පරන්තන් දුම්රිය ස්ථානය) is a railway station in the town of Paranthan in northern Sri Lanka. Owned by Sri Lanka Railways, the state-owned railway operator, the station is part of the Northern Line which links the north with the capital Colombo. The popular Yarl Devi service calls at the station. The station was not functioning between 1990 and 2014 due to the civil war. The Northern Line between Kilinochchi and Pallai, which includes Paranthan, was re-opened on 4 March 2014.[1][2]
ElasticHosts was a computer service provider based in London, England. It was founded in March 2008 (2008-03),[1][2] and closed on 30 June 2020.[3]  It provided a cloud computing service, which used ten data centres;[4][5] in the United Kingdom (two sites), Netherlands, United States (four sites), Canada, Hong Kong and Australia.
The Professional Building is a historic office building located at Raleigh, North Carolina. It was designed by Yancey Milburn of the architectural firm Milburn, Heister & Company and built in 1925. It is an eight-story, steel frame and yellow brick veneer Classical Revival style skyscraper with Beaux Arts style terra cotta ornamental elements.  It consists of a two-story "base", five-story "shaft" and one-story "capital" in the Chicago style.[2]
The Grande Rousse (3,607m) is a mountain of the Graian Alps in Aosta Valley, Italy. It is the culminating point of a ridge separating the Rhêmes and the Valgrisenche valleys. It was first climbed in 1864.[1]
Hosiery, also referred to as legwear, describes garments worn directly on the feet and legs. The term originated as the collective term for products of which a maker or seller is termed a hosier; and those products are also known generically as hose. The term is also used for all types of knitted fabric, and its thickness and weight is defined by denier or opacity.  Lower denier measurements of 5 to 15 describe a hose which may be sheer in appearance, whereas styles of 40 and above are dense, with little to no light able to come through on 100 denier items.
The Bride (Spanish: La novia) is a 2015 drama film directed by Paula Ortiz which stars Inma Cuesta, Álex García and Asier Etxeandia. The screenplay is based on Blood Wedding, the 1933 tragedy by Federico García Lorca. It was screened in the Zabaltegi section of the 2015 San Sebastián International Film Festival.[2] It was also named as one of three films that could be chosen as the Spanish submission for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 89th Academy Awards, but it was not selected.[3][4]
Trauma Studios was an American video game developer company founded in 2003. They were best known for having created Desert Combat, a mod for Battlefield 1942.[1]
Andouillé-Neuville (French pronunciation: ​[ɑ̃duje nøvil]; Breton: Andólhae; Gallo: Andólhae) is a commune in the Ille-et-Vilaine department in Brittany in northwestern France.
Karen Chin is an American paleontologist and taphonomist who is considered one of the world's leading experts in coprolites.[3][4][5]
WHVN (1240 AM; "Buenas Nuevas Charlotte") is a Spanish language radio station licensed to Charlotte, North Carolina United States. The station is owned by Stuart Epperson's Truth Broadcasting Corporation. WHVN is licensed by the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) for digital HD operation.[1][2][3]
Does not appear to meet relevant notability guidelines; no significant coverage. (proposed by Moriwen)Mago Digo Dai (Sinhala: මගෝ ඩිගො ඩයි) is a 2010 Sri Lankan Sinhala comedy film directed by Srilal Priyadeva and produced by Janitha Marasinghe.[2] It stars Vijaya Nandasiri, singer Gamini Susiriwardana and Anarkali Akarsha in lead roles along with Sanath Gunathilake and Anton Jude.[3] Music composed by Neil Warnakulasuriya.[4][5] It is the 1137th Sri Lankan film in the Sinhala cinema.[6]
Elvis and Me is a 1985 biography written by Priscilla Presley with Sandra Harmon. In the book, Priscilla talks about meeting Elvis Presley, their marriage, and the factors and issues that led to the couple's divorce.[1]  The book rights were purchased in 1987, and in 1988 it was made into a television movie written by Joyce Eliason, directed by Larry Peerce, and starring Dale Midkiff as Elvis and Susan Walters as Priscilla.[2] Another adaptation by director Sofia Coppola will be released in October of 2023, called Priscilla.[3]
Miguel Ángel Arrué Padilla (born 13 August 1952) is a Chilean football manager and former footballer.
In mathematics, the prime decomposition theorem for 3-manifolds states that every compact, orientable 3-manifold is the connected sum of a unique (up to homeomorphism) finite collection of prime 3-manifolds.
Mindigulovo (Russian: Миндигулово; Bashkir: Мәндәғол, Mändäğol) is a rural locality (a village) in Kiyekbayevsky Selsoviet, Burzyansky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 85 as of 2010.[2] There are 3 streets.
Angeles City National Trade School is a school in Angeles City, Philippines. ACNTS provides technical-vocational education and training.
The Chalabioghlou mausoleum, also known as Sheikh Barragh mausoleum, is a historical octagonal mausoleum in the city of Soltaniyeh, in the Zanjan Province, in Iran.
Brian Fee is an American story board artist, director, and occasional voice actor who works for Pixar.[1] Fee made his directorial debut at the studio with the feature film Cars 3 on June 16, 2017.[2][3][4][5]
Seomyeon Station is a station on the Busan Metro Line 1 and Line 2 located in Bujeon-dong, Busanjin District, Busan.
Bîrnova is a village in Ocnița District, Moldova.[3] It has a population of 2432 inhabitants.
Neil Shaffer (born February 14, 1989 in Aliquippa, Pennsylvania) is a retired American soccer player. Shaffer currently plays for amateur Pittsburgh side Tartan Devils Oak Avalon.
Gilbert Trigano (1920–2001) was a French businessman.
The Yankie Bar is a caramel, nougat, and milk chocolate bar produced and sold in Denmark by Toms International.
Century 21 Real Estate LLC is an American real estate agent franchise company founded in 1971. The system consists of approximately 14,000 independently owned and operated franchised broker offices in 86 countries and territories worldwide with over 147,000 sales professionals.[3] Century 21 Real Estate is headquartered in Madison, New Jersey.[4]
Karole Armitage (born March 3, 1954) is an American dancer and choreographer currently based in New York City. She is artistic director of Armitage Gone! Dance, a contemporary dance company that performs several times annually in New York City as well as touring internationally. She was dubbed the “punk ballerina” in the 1980s. She earned a Tony nomination for her choreography of the Broadway musical Hair.
Mateu is a Catalan name, meaning Matthew. Notable people with the name include:
The Stadttempel (English: City Prayer House), also called the Seitenstettengasse Temple, is the main synagogue of Vienna, Austria. It is located in the Innere Stadt 1st district, at Seitenstettengasse 4.
Mascara is a cosmetic commonly used to enhance the upper and lower eyelashes. It is used to darken, thicken, lengthen, and/or define the eyelashes. Normally in one of three forms—liquid, powder, or cream—the modern mascara product has various formulas; however, most contain the same basic components of pigments, oils, waxes, and preservatives. The most common form of mascara is a liquid in a tube with an application brush.

Makaton is a communication tool with speech, signs, and symbols to enable people with disabilities or learning disabilities to communicate. It is not British Sign Language (BSL) or any form of Sign Language in its own right. Makaton supports the development of essential communication skills such as attention, listening, comprehension, memory and expressive speech and language.[1][2] The Makaton language programme has been used with individuals who have cognitive impairments, autism, Down syndrome, specific language impairment, multisensory impairment and acquired neurological disorders that have negatively affected the ability to communicate, including stroke and dementia patients.[1][3]

This is a list of members of the Council of the German Cultural Community between 1978 and 1981, following the direct elections of 1978.
Takuma Yasui (安井 琢磨, Yasui Takuma, April 1, 1909 – December 17, 1995) was a Japanese economist known for his contributions to mathematical economics. In particular, he is recognized as one of the first economists to utilize Lyapunov stability theory for analyzing the stability of economic equilibria.[1]
Elke Tsang Kai-mong (張凱夢/张凯梦 or 張凱孟/张凯孟) was a 30 year old female Hongkonger who was executed in Singapore after being charged and found guilty with smuggling over 4 kg of diamorphine (or pure heroin) into the country. Tsang, the daughter of a high-ranking Hong Kong police officer, was caught on 26 July 1992 at Changi Airport with 22 packets of diamorphine stuffed inside the inner lining of her two jackets. Despite putting up a defence that she had committed the crime out of fear for her life, Tsang was nonetheless found guilty of capital drug trafficking after a six-day trial and sentenced to death on 19 October 1993. She was one of the few women from Hong Kong (including Angel Mou Pui Peng, Cheuk Mei Mei, Tong Ching Man and Poon Yuen Chung) who faced the gallows for drug offences in Singapore back in the 1990s. Tsang was hanged on 16 December 1994 after losing her appeal.[2]
St. Paul's Methodist Protestant Church, also known as Stone Church, is a church building located south of Culbertson, Nebraska, United States, on Nebraska Highway 17.  It was built in 1900 and was added to the National Register in 1979.[1]
The following are the football (soccer) events of the year 1960 throughout the world.
Denise Lynn Nappier (born June 16, 1951) is an American who served as Connecticut State Treasurer, from 1999 to 2019. A member of the Democratic Party, she was first elected in 1998 and was re-elected in 2002, 2006, 2010 and 2014. She is the first African-American woman elected to statewide office in the history of Connecticut, the first woman elected State Treasurer in Connecticut history, and the first African-American woman elected to serve as state treasurer in the United States.[1] In 2011, she was named to the Connecticut Women's Hall of Fame.
Trinidad Channel is a channel in Chile that leads to seaward from the northern end of Concepción Channel, is exceedingly useful to pass out to the Pacific ocean from the Patagonian Channels in case it is desirable to avoid the possible delay occasioned by English Narrows in Messier Channel. Alert Harbor, at its western end, will, afford shelter to a number of large vessels.
Palazzo Sangiorgi is a palace in Forlì, Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.
Roger Eddy  (born 13 May 1946) is a former luger who competed for Canada at the 1968 Winter Olympics, in the Luge Men's singles event.[1][2]
Bruce Sarver (January 11, 1962 – November 10, 2005) was an NHRA Top Fuel and Funny Car driver from 1996 to 2002.
Customer Alliance is a software-as-a-service solution provider headquartered in Berlin, Germany. 
First to Fight is a 1967 American Technicolor Warner Bros. war film starring Chad Everett, Marilyn Devin, making her film debut, Dean Jagger, Bobby Troup and James Best.[1] Based loosely on the story of United States Marine Gunnery Sergeant John "Manila" Basilone, who later went back into action and died at Iwo Jima.[2]
Sohrab Pournazeri is an Iranian musician and composer. He plays Kamancheh and Tanbour.
Bruno Demetrio Iotti or simply Bruno Iotti (born January 15, 1987), is a Brazilian midfielder.[1]
The Canal del Dique (English: Levee Channel) is a 118 km artificial canal connecting Cartagena Bay (at the corregimiento of Pasacaballos) to the Magdalena River in the Bolívar Department in northern Colombia. The canal is a bifurcation or artificial arm of the Magdalena River, and its eastern portion forms most of the border between the departments of Bolívar and Atlántico. The port on the Magdalena River is Calamar.
Nicholas B. Klaine was an American politician, businessman, and journalist. Klaine born in Bordentown, N. J., on February 5, 1839. He came with his parents to Rock Island, Illinois, in 1851, where he lived until 1859.  He was married in August, 1859, to Miss Julia Kinkaid, a native of Missouri.  He then moved to St. Louis, Mo.  He enlisted in August 1862, in Company K, Tenth Missouri Cavalry.  he was commissioned Second Lieutenant. and commanded his company one year. He participated in all the battles of his command and was mustered out in May, 1864.  He went to Warrensburg, Mo., in 1865, and began the publication of the Warrensburg Standard, which he continued for ten years.  He served both as City Clerk and City Councilman.  He represented Johnson County, Missouri, in the State Legislature (1869–1870)[1] and was Supervisor of Registration of Johnson County (1866).
Blood tables: it is a holy action to kill Rosas (Spanish: Tablas de Sangre: es acción santa matar a Rosas) is an 1843 Argentine libelle written by José Rivera Indarte against the governor of Buenos Aires, Juan Manuel de Rosas. It details 465 purported crimes committed by Rosas or the Popular Restoring Society; later editions increased the number by 22,560. The book was used as a primary source by the early historiography of Juan Manuel de Rosas; modern historians consider its figures to be inflated.[1]
The Eldred Rock Light is an historic octagonal lighthouse adjacent to Lynn Canal in Alaska. It is the last of the ten lighthouses constructed in Alaska between 1902 and 1906.  It was also the last of 12 manned lighthouses that were started in Alaska.[4]  It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places as Eldred Rock Lighthouse.[3]
The 1983 Primera División de Fútbol Profesional season.  At the end of the regular season, the top 6 teams took part in Qualifying round, this was followed by a  final group stage. 
Aguila were named Champions after topping the final group stage
Priamo Leonardi (2 October 1888 – 16 March 1984) was an Italian admiral during World War II.
Tying (informally, product tying) is the practice of selling one product or service as a mandatory addition to the purchase of a different product or service. In legal terms, a tying sale makes the sale of one good (the tying good) to the de facto customer (or de jure customer) conditional on the purchase of a second distinctive good (the tied good). Tying is often illegal when the products are not naturally related. It is related to but distinct from freebie marketing, a common (and legal) method of giving away (or selling at a substantial discount) one item to ensure a continual flow of sales of another related item.
The Green Party (Bokmål: Miljøpartiet De Grønne, Nynorsk: Miljøpartiet Dei Grøne, Northern Sami: Birasbellodat Ruonát, lit. 'Environment Party The Greens') is a centre-left[2][3] green[4] political party in Norway. The party holds three seats in the Parliament of Norway (gaining 3.8% in the 2021 elections) and also has representation in municipal councils and county councils (gaining 6.8% in the 2019 elections).[5] The Green Party advocates green politics, and has been described as centre-left by academics and voters.[6][7] The party itself claims distance from the two dominant right-wing and left-wing political blocks, jointly denominated as "the fossil block",[8] and have stated their refusal to form a government with any parties that will continue to drill for oil in the North Sea.[9]
Region R. Ylanan (7 September 1889 – 1963) was a Filipino athlete, physician, sports administrator, physical educator, and sports historian. He rose to fame with three gold medals in track and field at the 1913 Far Eastern Championship Games in Manila. He won two further medals at the 1915 Games and also represented his country in baseball at three editions of the tournament.
Knyazhovo (Russian: Княжово) is a rural locality (a village) in Mayskoye Rural Settlement, Vologodsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 19 as of 2002.[2]
John Engler
Republican
Rathod is a surname of Indian origin.
The 2015 Israeli Basketball League Cup, for sponsorships reasons the Winner League Cup, was the 10th edition of the pre-season tournament of the Israeli Basketball Super League. Maccabi Tel Aviv won the title for the 6th time.[1] Hapoel Eilat were runners-up.
The Graded Salience Hypothesis is a theory regarding the psycholinguistic processing of word meaning, specifically in the context of irony, developed by Rachel Giora. It assumes that priority is given in the psychological activation and semantic retrieval of salient over less salient meanings inside the mental lexicon in the process of language comprehension.[1]
Bermo is a community development block that forms an administrative division in the Bermo subdivision of the Bokaro district, Jharkhand state, India.
This article displays the qualifying draw for the Women's Singles at the 2000 French Open.
Trim drag, denoted as Dm in the diagram, is the component of aerodynamic drag on an aircraft created by the flight control surfaces, mainly elevators and trimable horizontal stabilizers, when they are used to offset changes in pitching moment and centre of gravity during flight. For longitudinal stability in pitch and in speed, aircraft are designed in such a way that the centre of mass (centre of gravity) is forward of the neutral point. The nose-down pitching moment is compensated by the downward aerodynamic force on the elevator and the trimable horizontal stabilizer. This downwards force on the tailplane (horizontal stabilizer and elevator combination) produces lift–induced drag in a similar way as the lift on the wing produces lift–induced drag. The changes (shifts) of the position of the centre of mass are often caused by fuel being burned off over the period of the flight, and require the aerodynamic trim force to be adjusted. Systems that actively pump fuel between separate fuel tanks in the aircraft can be used to offset this effect and reduce the trim drag. 
Naveed Nour (born 1963) is a contemporary artist who uses photography as the basis of his work. Born in Cologne, Germany to Iranian parents. His work focuses on conflict and culture.  
James Amos Porter (December 22, 1905 – February 28, 1970)  was an African-American art historian, artist and teacher. He is best known for establishing the field of African-American art history and was influential in the African American Art movement.
Plana Novella (Catalan: La Plana Novella)  is an old country estate and village located on a small plain in the middle of the Garraf Massif National Park, about three kilometers to the east of Jafra and within the municipal boundary of the town of Olivella, Spain. It is notable for being in an almost uninhabited rural area, despite being about half an hour's drive from Barcelona. It is also the location of a Tibetan Buddhist retreat.
Canada is scheduled to compete at the 2023 Pan American Games in Santiago, Chile from October 20 to November 5, 2023. This was Canada's 18th appearance at the Pan American Games, having competed at every Games since the second edition in 1955.
The Gretsch White Falcon is an electric hollow-body guitar introduced in 1954 by Gretsch.
Andrea Bagioli (born 23 March 1999) is an Italian cyclist, who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam Soudal–Quick-Step.[2] He is the younger brother of Nicola Bagioli, who is also a cyclist. In October 2020, he was named in the startlist for the 2020 Vuelta a España.[3]
Rasawa is a Papuan language of Indonesia. It is spoken in Rasawa village in Oudate District, Waropen Regency.[2]
For United States Military Standards, IEST-STD-CC1246 is the latest revision of MIL-STD-1246. This all came about in 1997, the Army Missile Command commissioned the Institute of Environmental Sciences and Technology (IEST) to revise and adopt MIL-STD-1246 as an industry standard as its usefulness had expanded far beyond military applications, and U.S. policy was requiring agencies to convert government standards to nongovernmental standards where practical.[1]
A. P. Hill Boyhood Home is a historic home located at Culpeper, Culpeper County, Virginia, United  States.
George Owen Williams (September 1879 – 27 July 1916) was a semi-professional footballer who played in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion as a half back.[1] He was capped by Wales at international level.[3]
3N93, 3N95, 3N96
Sir John Fitzgerald was an Irish soldier of the seventeenth century, best known for serving as Governor of Tangier during the 1660s.[1] He commanded the Tangier Garrison during this time.[2] He later participated in the Williamite War in Ireland (1689–91) on the Jacobite side.
Nasi tumpang is a rice dish originating in Kelantan, Malaysia.[1] Nasi tumpang is rice with different layer of dishes wrapped in a cone shape with banana leaf packed. Traditionally, it was staple food for travelers or farmers in Kelantan to bring to work. It is packed tightly consisting an omelette, beef or fish floss, and shrimp or fish local curry, sweet sambal gravy and cucumbers.[2]
Schwarzenbühl Pass (el. 1547 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
Toshiko Akiyoshi Trio, 1980 In Rikuzentakata is a live concert album of the Toshiko Akiyoshi trio recorded in June, 1980 in the Shimin Kaikan Dai Hall in Rikuzentakata, Iwate, Japan.  
DeskTube was a desktop application that allows users to browse and search YouTube videos, access  Twitter and Facebook accounts all from the same location.[1] Founded in 2007, DeskTube is built with Adobe AIR, which users must download first in order to utilize the program.
In graph theory, a quotient graph Q of a graph G is a graph whose vertices are blocks of a partition of the vertices of G and where block B is adjacent to block C if some vertex in B is adjacent to some vertex in C with respect to the edge set of G.[1] In other words, if G has edge set E and vertex set V and R is the equivalence relation induced by the partition, then the quotient graph has vertex set V/R and edge set {([u]R, [v]R) | (u, v) ∈ E(G)}.
The Kupferstichkabinett, or Museum of Prints and Drawings, is a prints museum in Berlin, Germany.  It is part of the Berlin State Museums, and is located in the Kulturforum on Potsdamer Platz.  It is the largest museum of graphic art in Germany,[1] with more than 500,000 prints and around 110,000 individual works on paper (drawings, pastels, watercolours, oil sketches).[2]
William Rogers Taylor (7 November 1811 – 14 April 1889) was a rear admiral of the United States Navy who served during the Mexican–American War and the American Civil War.
Booklist is a publication of the American Library Association that provides critical reviews of books and audiovisual materials for all ages. Booklist's primary audience consists of libraries, educators, and booksellers. The magazine is available to subscribers in print and online. Booklist is published 22 times per year, and reviews over 7,500 titles annually. The Booklist brand also offers a blog, various newsletters, and monthly webinars.  The Booklist offices are located in the American Library Association headquarters in Chicago’s Gold Coast neighborhood.
Corning Community College is a public community college in Corning, New York.  It was initiated in 1957 and moved to its Spencer Hill campus in 1963. This two-year college serves three counties: Steuben, Chemung, and Schuyler. It is one of the community colleges in the SUNY system.
The Hungary–Kosovo relations are foreign relations between Hungary and Kosovo. Kosovo declared its independence from Serbia on 17 February 2008 and Hungary recognised it on 19 March 2008.[1] Hungary has an embassy in Pristina.[2]


The following are the national records in athletics in Latvia maintained by its national athletics federation: Latvijas Vieglatlētikas Savienība (LVS).
Vladimir Ćorović (Serbian Cyrillic: Владимир Ћоровић; 27 October 1885 – 12 April 1941) was a Herzegovinian Serb historian, university professor, author, and academic. His bibliography consists of more than 1000 works. Several of his books on the history of Serb, Yugoslav, Bosnian and Herzegovinian uprisings are considered to be definitive works on the subject.[1][2][3]
Moussa Sene Absa, Moussa Sène Absa, or Moussa Sène Absa (proper name: Moussa Sène) is a Senegalese film director, editor, producer, screenwriter, painter and songwriter.[1][2] He was born in 1958 in Tableau Ferraille, a suburb of Dakar, Senegal, to a Serer family.[2][3]
Pavelescu is a Romanian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

The discography of Elisa, an Italian singer-songwriter, consists of eleven studio albums, forty-one singles, five compilation albums and five DVDs.
Eugen Brixel (27 March 1939 – 16 October 2000) was an Austrian composer, musician and musicologist. The focus of his work was international wind music research.
Club Deportivo Verdún was a Honduran football club.
The Autorité Portuaire Nationale (APN) is a port district established in 1985 placed under the trusteeship of the secretariat of State of Finance of Economic Affairs. Its main office is located on boulevard la saline in downtown Port-au-Prince. APN manages and administers all ports of the Republic.[1]
David Earl Lumley (born September 1, 1954) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Lumley was selected in both the twelfth round of the 1974 NHL amateur draft (199th overall) by the Montreal Canadiens and in the eighth round of the 1974 WHA Amateur Draft (108th overall), by the Vancouver Blazers.  Electing to pursue an NHL career, Lumley eventually played parts of nine seasons with the Canadiens, Edmonton Oilers and Hartford Whalers, winning the Stanley Cup on two occasions 1984 and 1985 with the Edmonton Oilers.
Yada, Burkina Faso is a town in the Kayao Department of Bazèga Province in central Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 1,189.[1]
Shiv Bahadur Saxena (born 15 June 1952) is an Indian politician[1] who served as Minister of Sugar Industry and Sugarcane Development in Uttar Pradesh under Bharatiya Janata Party Govt led by Kalyan Singh.
Singing Is Believing is a country/gospel album by Billy "Crash" Craddock. It was released in 1978. The album was produced by Billy "Crash" Craddock and Dale Morris.[1]
Slovenian Girl (Slovene: Slovenka; released in the United States as A Call Girl) is a 2009 drama film directed by Damjan Kozole. It stars Nina Ivanišin as Aleksandra, a 23-year-old Slovenian who leads a double life as a respectable student and a call girl. The film premiered at the 2009 Sarajevo Film Festival in Bosnia and Herzegovina before being released theatrically in more than 30 countries, including the United States.
In mathematics, in the theory of Hopf algebras, a Hopf algebroid is a generalisation of weak Hopf algebras, certain skew Hopf algebras and commutative Hopf k-algebroids. If k is a field, a commutative k-algebroid is a cogroupoid object in the category of k-algebras; the category of such is hence dual to the category of groupoid k-schemes. This commutative version has been used in 1970-s in algebraic geometry and stable homotopy theory. The generalization of Hopf algebroids and its main part of the structure, associative bialgebroids, to the noncommutative base algebra was introduced by J.-H. Lu in 1996 as a result on work on groupoids in Poisson geometry (later shown equivalent in nontrivial way to a construction of Takeuchi from the 1970s and another by Xu around the year 2000). They may be loosely thought of as Hopf algebras over a noncommutative base ring, where weak Hopf algebras become Hopf algebras over a separable algebra.  It is a theorem that a Hopf algebroid satisfying a finite projectivity condition over a separable algebra is a weak Hopf algebra, and conversely a weak Hopf algebra H is a Hopf algebroid over its separable subalgebra HL. The antipode axioms have been changed by G. Böhm and K. Szlachányi (J. Algebra) in 2004 for tensor categorical reasons and to accommodate examples associated to depth two Frobenius algebra extensions.
"Dance (Pt. 1)" is a song by the British rock band the Rolling Stones. Written by Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, and Ronnie Wood, the song evolved out of a single riff. The song appeared as the opening track on the band's 1980 album Emotional Rescue.
Blacko is a village in Požega-Slavonia County, Croatia. The village is administered as a part of the City of Pleternica.
Terence Stanley Gray (March 21, 1938 – January 2, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward who played 147 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, Boston Bruins, Los Angeles Kings, and St. Louis Blues.
The 1907 Canadian football season was the 16th season of organized play since the Canadian Rugby Union (CRU) was founded in 1892 and the 25th season since the creation of the Ontario Rugby Football Union (ORFU) and the Quebec Rugby Football Union (QRFU) in 1883.[1] This year also marked the first for the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union, which is a predecessor of the modern day's CFL East Division. The season concluded with the Montreal Football Club defeating Peterboro in the 1907 Dominion Championship game.[2][3]
Nyack High School is a secondary school serving parts of the Town of Orangetown and Town of Clarkstown, New York, United States. The original Nyack High School building is now part of BOCES. Since 1990, Nyack High School has been located less than a mile north of the old facility, at the corner of Christian Herald Road and Highland Avenue-(U.S. Route 9W).
Faulensee railway station (German: Bahnhof Faulensee) is a closed railway station in the municipality of Spiez, in the Swiss canton of Bern. It is an intermediate stop on the Lake Thun line.[1] Direct rail service ended with the 2020 timetable change and was replaced with regular bus service between Spiez and Interlaken.[4]
75 State Street is a high-rise office building located in the Financial District of Boston. Built in 1988, it was designed by Gund Architects of Boston, in association with Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, in the Postmodernist style.[1] The 31-story building rises to a height of 118.9 metres (390 ft), and has a floor area of 93,088 square metres (1,001,990 sq ft).[2]
Enmax Corporation (often styled as ENMAX) is a vertically integrated utility with operations across Alberta, Canada, and in Maine, U.S. Through its subsidiaries, ENMAX Power Corporation and Versant Power, ENMAX owns and operates transmission and distribution utilities that deliver electricity to customers in Calgary, Alberta, and northern and eastern Maine. Through ENMAX Energy Corporation, ENMAX owns and operates power generation facilities and offers electricity and natural gas products and services to residential, commercial and industrial customers across Alberta. 
Hyogo University of Teacher Education (兵庫教育大学, Hyōgo Kyōiku Daigaku) is a national university in Katō, Hyōgo, Japan, founded as "New Concept University" of Teacher Education for Undergraduate and Graduate in 1978.
The Ladies Titan Tire Challenge was an annual golf tournament for professional women golfers on the Symetra Tour, the LPGA Tour's developmental tour. The event was a part of the Symetra Tour's schedule from 2009 to 2012. It was played at the Hunters Ridge Golf Course in Marion, Iowa.
"Lost" is a song written by Mitch Allan and Kara DioGuardi and was recorded by American country music singer Faith Hill.  It was released in June 2007 as the first single from her compilation album The Hits.
The men's Greco-Roman 130 kilograms is a competition featured at the 2021 World Wrestling Championships, and was held in Oslo, Norway on 8 and 9 October.[1]
The Hardscrabble Open, also known as the Hardscrabble Women's Invitation, was a golf tournament played at the Hardscrabble Golf Club in Fort Smith, Arkansas, from 1945 to 1953. It was an official LPGA Tour event from 1948 to 1950.[1][2]
Augsburg Messe station is a railway station in the town of Augsburg, located in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany.
Aristides Pereira
PAIGC
John of Beverley (died 7 May 721) was an English bishop active in the kingdom of Northumbria. He was the bishop of Hexham and then the bishop of York, which was the most important religious designation in the area. He went on to found the town of Beverley by building the first structure there, a monastery. John was associated with miracles during and after his lifetime and was canonised a saint by the Catholic Church in 1037. As this is prior to the Great East–West Schism of 1054, he is also recognised as a saint by the Eastern Orthodox Church.
Beutler (German for sacker, bagger or bag maker) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Velleclaire is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
Bhagavad Gita - The Song of God is the title of the Swami Prabhavananda Christopher Isherwood's translation of the Bhagavad Gītā (Sanskrit: भगवद्गीता, "Song of God"), an important Hindu scripture. It was first published in 1944 with an Introduction by Aldous Huxley.[1]  This translation is unusual in that it is a collaboration between a world-renowned English language author and an adept in Vedanta Philosophy and Hindu scripture. With this translation, "...the very purpose of life in Hindu terms becomes luminously clear.”.[2][3]  The 2023 edition includes the standardized verse markings that were left out from the original, published in 1944.[4]
Active Power Stabilizer Suspension System (APSSS), is an electric active suspension system with active anti-roll bars  developed by Toyota Motor Corporation for its high-end vehicles including Lexus models. By altering stabilizer bar stiffness, this system acts to reduce body tilt during cornering, keeping the vehicle more level during turns and improving handling, as opposed to the natural tendency of a vehicle to roll due to the lateral forces experienced during high-speed maneuvering. The active stabilizer system relies on vehicle body sensors and electric motors. The first production usage of this system was introduced in August 2005 with the Lexus GS430 sport sedan,[1] followed by the 2008 Lexus LS 600h luxury sedan. The development of APSSS is claimed to be the world's first electric active stabilizer system.[2] It is a system improvement of an earlier Toyota technology called Toyota TEMS (Toyota Electronic Modulated Suspension).
A Busshi (仏師) is a Japanese sculptor specializing in Buddha statues.
The Lawn Tennis Association of Thailand (LTAT) (Thai: ลอนเทนนิสสมาคมแห่งประเทศไทย) is the national governing body of tennis in Thailand, formed in 1926 it is one of the oldest organised sports governing body in Thailand. The main aims of the organisation is to develop international level tennis players, improve the infrastructure for tennis and to popularise it in Thailand.[3]
Otowa Yurikago Kai (Japanese: 音羽ゆりかご会) is a Japanese children's choir, established in 1933. It is so named from Otowa-cho, a place name in Bunkyō, Tokyo, where it was born, Yurikago, a Japanese word for cradle, and Kai, meaning an association or group.
Tom Clifford is a former municipal politician in the City of Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

George Gipps (29 December 1783 – 26 April 1869) of Howletts, near Canterbury, Kent, was an English politician.[1]
Alon Carmeli  אלון כרמלי (born December 19, 1964) is an Israeli businessman. He is a Founder and the Active Chairman of the Board of Directors, of TopT, טופטי. Carmeli is a member of the board of directors in Sapir Corp Ltd., in Navin Systems Ltd. and in Adam Teva Vadin (NGO). He was a Founder and the Active Chairman of the Board of Directors, of Canzon, קנזון, a publicly traded company in TASE. Canzon developed a Cannabis Based Product’s Brand, and e-commerce platform, www.canzon.com. Carmeli was the CEO of Babylon Ltd, an online translation company.[1] In 2012 Calcalist financial news site ranked Alon Carmeli as one of Israel's 50 best CEOs.[2] Carmeli left Babylon in 2013.
Mark Arnold Urman[1] (November 24, 1952 – January 12, 2019) was an American film executive, producer and distributor.[2][3][4]
The Realistic DX-300 is a shortwave radio manufactured by General Research of Electronics (GRE) of Chiba, Japan and marketed in the United States by Radio Shack (Tandy Corporation) from late 1978 through 1979.  The radio's theory of operation is based on the principle of the Wadley Loop and was one of the first radios marketed by Tandy Corporation to have a digital frequency display. The DX-300 was succeeded by the improved DX-302 in 1980.
Prof. Dr. Petko Stoyanov Dimitrov (Bulgarian: Петко Стоянов Димитров) (16 September 1944 – 29 April 2023) was a Bulgarian marine geologist and oceanographer from the Institute of Oceanology - Bulgarian Academy of Sciences in Varna.
Iwowe [iˈvɔvɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Borowie, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 19 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Garwolin and 65 km (40 mi) south-east of Warsaw.
Vandans is a town located in the Bludenz district in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. Located 650 m (2133 ft) above sea level, it is known for its skiing and hiking activities.
KVBR (1340 AM, "Brainerd Business Radio") is a radio station broadcasting a news talk information format.[2] Licensed to Brainerd, Minnesota, United States, the station serves the Brainerd area. Founded in 1964 by the Persons family, the station is owned by Hubbard Broadcasting, Inc., and features programming from USA Radio Network.[3]
Sidaz Jack (born 8 June 2011) is a white and blue male greyhound.[1] He was owned by Daren Johnson and Simon Wooder, and trained by Charlie Lister. He won the English Greyhound Derby in 2013. His father was two time English Greyhound Derby winner Westmead Hawk.[2]
The Soko J-21 Jastreb (English: Hawk), referred to as the J-1 Jastreb in some sources, is a Yugoslav single-seat, single-engine, light attack aircraft, designed by the Aeronautical Technical Institute (ATI) and Vojnotehnički Institut Beograd (VTI), in Belgrade and manufactured by SOKO in Mostar. Derived from the G-2 Galeb advanced jet trainer and light attack aircraft, it was designed in single-seat ground-attack and two-seat advanced flying / weapon training versions.
Matt Iorio (Matthew Wallace Iorio) is a Rally driver[1] In North America, and the 2006 North American Rally Champion.

Gary Evans (born 21 October 1960) is a British former racing driver.[1]
Foundation Public School (FPS) are a group of private schools based in Karachi, Hyderabad and Islamabad Pakistan, educating children from the ages of three and a half to eighteen, including O and A Levels. The school has nine campuses, one in Hyderabad offering Intermediate diplomas, and was founded in 1981.

Finsnechta Cethardec mac Cellaig (died 808) was a King of Leinster of the Uí Dúnchada sept of the Uí Dúnlainge branch of the Laigin. He was the son of Cellach mac Dúnchada (died 776), a previous king.[1] He ruled from 795 to 808. His byname Cethardec meant "four-eyes".
Jalen Tate (born June 18, 1998) is an American professional basketball player for KB Peja of the Kosovo Basketball Superleague. He played college basketball for the Northern Kentucky Norse and the Arkansas Razorbacks.
The 1957 Texas A&M Aggies football team represented Texas A&M University in the 1957 NCAA University Division football season. The Aggies offense scored 158 points while the defense allowed 50points. Led by head coach Bear Bryant, the Aggies competed in the Gator Bowl.
Centro de Convenciones Agua Viva[1] (formerly known as Coliseo Amauta) is the biggest multi-use indoor arena in Peru, located in the southern zone of the Lima District in Lima, Peru. The arena has a capacity for 20,000 people, which can vary depending on use. It originally opened in 1946. 
The Rapsody Overture: Hip Hop Meets Classic is a concept album of remixes consisting of hip hop and classical, which combined American rappers with European opera singers. It was released in 1997 by Mercury Records and distributed by Def Jam Recordings.[1]
En fallit ("The Bankrupt")[1] is a play by Norwegian playwright Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson that was published in 1875 in Copenhagen. The play was partially written in Rome, and has a theme that was new for the Scandinavians, because the dramatist had to deal with tragicomedy of money, and, while making a forcible plea for honesty to contrive to produce a stirring and entertaining play on what might seem so prosaic a foundation as business finance. The play was actually first performed in a Swedish translation, at Stockholm, a few days before it was produced at Christiania. After that the play also reached Berlin, Munich, Vienna, and other German and Austrian theaters. It was played in Paris, at the Théâtre Libre in 1894. 
Urnayr (attested only as Old Armenian Ուռնայր Uṙnayr) was the third Arsacid king of Caucasian Albania from approximately 350 to 375.[1] He was the successor of Vache I (r. 336–350).
Kento Uegaki (植垣 健人, Uegaki Kento, born 17 October 1990) is a Japanese handball player for Osaki Osol and the Japanese national team.
Bianca Botto-Arias[1] (born 6 June 1991) is a Peruvian former tennis player.
In mathematics, a complex line is a one-dimensional affine subspace of a vector space over the complex numbers.[1][2] A common point of confusion is that while a complex line has dimension one over C (hence the term "line"), it has dimension two over the real numbers R, and is topologically equivalent to a real plane, not a real line.[3]
Pontic Steppe
Earl Grinols (born 1951) is an American economist, political scientist, and author, currently serves as Distinguished Professor of Economics at Baylor University.
Kali Wallace is an American author of speculative fiction for children and adults.

David Cerney (fl. 1559) was an English politician.
Los primeros siete annos is an album by Ensemble Renaissance, released in 1993 on the Edi Vox label in Spain. It is Renaissance's 12th album. The programme is separated in two parts - Medieval music and music of the Renaissance. It is a revision of their earliest works, recorded in the period of  1969-1976, before the material released on the LPs in the 80's. It was first released as audio cassette, but later it was re-issued on the CD. In the 2008 it was re-released in Serbia on the double disc edition under the name The First 15 years.
Some of the works performed on the disc are songs Cantigas de Santa Maria, a ballata by Francesco Landini and early organum from the Musica enchiriadis.
Ángel Sergio Guerrero Mier (18 August 1935 – 10 January 2021)[1] was a Mexican lawyer and politician, member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party and was Governor of Durango between 1998 and 2004.
Gregory Gattuso (born May 18, 1962) is an American football coach and former player.  He is currently the head coach at the University at Albany, taking over from long-time head coach Bob Ford. He was formerly the defensive line coach at the University of Maryland, under head coach Randy Edsall, a position he assumed in January 2011.[1] Gattuso served as the head coach at Duquesne University from 1993 to 2004, compiling a record of 97–32.  From 2005 to 2010, he was an assistant coach at the University of Pittsburgh.
No evidence of meeting WP:NORG (proposed by Pppery)Imad al-Dawla Muhammad ibn Ali (Persian: عماد الدوله محمد بن علی), was an Iranian military officer from the Bu Halim Shaybani family, who served as the commander-in-chief in India under the Ghaznavids.
Owl on a Frog is an early 17th century sculpture depicting an owl preying on a frog. The Austrian-produced sculpture is currently in the collection of the Metropolitan Museum of Art.[1]
Villa Rica District is one of eight districts of Oxapampa Province in Pasco Department, Peru. The district has an area of 896 square kilometres (346 sq mi) and a population of 18,673 in 2017.[1] The capital of the district is the town of Villa Rica which had a population of 11,900 in 2017.[2] The district is the location of the Cerro de la Sal or Salt Mountain, an important gathering place for indigenous people of the region and a center of Franciscan missionary activity in the 17th and 18th centuries. The town was founded in 1928 by settlers of German and Austrian origin from the town of Pozuzo.[3]
Salvador Tafolla Godínez  (born 30 October 1993 in Tanhuato, Michoacán) is a Mexican professional footballer who plays in the forward position for Tiburones Rojos de Veracruz of Liga MX.[1]

Sir William Walter, 1st Baronet (c. 1604 – 23 March 1675) was an English lawyer and politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1628 to 1629.
Hōjō Ujinao (北条 氏直: 1562 – December 19, 1591) was a Japanese daimyō of the late Sengoku period, and the final head of the Later Hōjō clan. An important figure in the history of Azuchi-Momoyama politics, he lost his entire domain following the Siege of Odawara (1590). Despite this, he survived, and his family carried on as small daimyo in the Edo period.
Collindridge is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
A mobile development framework is a software framework that is designed to support mobile app development. It is a software library that provides a fundamental structure to support the development of applications for a specific environment.
The modern pentathlon at the 1976 Summer Olympics was represented by two events (both for men): Individual competition and Team competition.[1] As usual in Olympic modern pentathlon, one competition was held and each competitor's score was included to the Individual competition event results table and was also added to his teammates' scores to be included to the Team competition event results table. This competition consisted of 5 disciplines:
Paul Ruiz Mena (born 21 September 1962) is a retired male shot putter from Cuba. His personal best is 20.28 metres, achieved in May 1988 in Rostock.
Parliamentary elections were held in the Nagorno-Karabakh Republic on 19 June 2005. The election saw the two pro-government parties, the Democratic Party of Artsakh and Free Motherland, win a large majority of seats. The opposition criticised the conduct of the election but international election monitors generally praised the election.
Huayan District is one of five districts of the province Huarmey in Peru.[1]
William S. Fullerton (May 1, 1817 – March 8, 1900), was a prominent New York lawyer of the 1860s to 1880s. Fullerton represented industrialists and political litigants, and was also well known for his representation of women in contested divorce cases. He briefly served on the New York State Supreme Court.
During the weeks leading up to the 2020 Polish presidential election, various organizations carry out opinion polling to gauge voters' intentions in Poland. Results of such polls are displayed in this article.
Saherkhali Union is a union parishad, the smallest administrative body of Bangladesh, located in Mirsharai Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh. The total population is 16,231.[1]
The Cimitero Maggiore di Milano ("Greater Cemetery of Milan"), also known as Cimitero di Musocco ("Musocco Cemetery"), is the largest cemetery of Milan, Italy.  It is located in Zone 8, in the Musocco district (formerly a comune of its own), not far from the Garegnano Charterhouse.  The cemetery has an overall area of 678,624 m2 (including 80,000 m2 of green space) with over 500,000 graves.[1]
77th Street was a clothing company based in Singapore founded by Elim Chew in 1988 with a small shop at Far East Plaza, Singapore. Citing rising rents, Elim Chew closed the last 77th Street outlet at Ang Mo Kio in 2016.[1]
Hatiya Island is an island in the northern Bay of Bengal, Bangladesh, at the mouth of the Meghna river. The Island falls under Hatiya Upazila of Noakhali District. The island has an area of 480 km2. Other major offshore islands of this region are Bhola Island (which is the largest) and Manpura Island. All of these islands are densely populated.[1] It is frequently subject to cyclones and destructive ocean waves.
Oxindole (2-indolone) is an aromatic heterocyclic organic compound with the formula C6H4CHC(O)NH. It has a bicyclic structure, consisting of a six-membered benzene ring fused to a five-membered nitrogen-containing ring. Oxindole is a modified indoline with a substituted carbonyl at the second position of the 5-member indoline ring.  Classified as a cyclic amide, it is a pale yellow solid.
Mary Virginia Duval (1850-1930)[1] was an American textbook author. 
The Husband Who Was to Mind the House is a Norwegian fairy tale collected by Peter Christen Asbjørnsen and Jørgen Moe in their Norske Folkeeventyr.[1]
Alexander Straub (born June 14, 1972) is an Internet and Telecom entrepreneur and investor.
The Vel-Tones was a 1950s American band whose members included Tommy McLain and country singer Clint West.[1][2] The band recorded as Bob Shurley & The Vel-Tones, Red Smiley & the Veltones and Bob and the Veltones.[3]

Charles Ashleigh (25 November 1888[1][2] – 25 December 1974) was an English labour activist, writer, and translator who became prominent in the Industrial Workers of the World (IWW) and later the Communist Party of Great Britain.

Phillip Emanuel (1946–2011) was an Australian film producer.
In mathematics and logic, a vacuous truth is a conditional or universal statement (a universal statement that can be converted to a conditional statement) that is true because the antecedent cannot be satisfied.[1] 
It is sometimes said that a statement is vacuously true because it does not really say anything.[2] For example, the statement "all cell phones in the room are turned off" will be true when no cell phones are in the room. In this case, the statement "all cell phones in the room are turned on" would also be vacuously true, as would the conjunction of the two: "all cell phones in the room are turned on and turned off", which would otherwise be incoherent and false.
Orphans is a play by Lyle Kessler. It premiered in 1983 at The Matrix Theatre Company in Los Angeles, where it received critical and commercial success and won the Drama-Logue Award. The play has been performed by the Steppenwolf Theatre and on Broadway in 2013.
WKNU (106.3 FM, "Coyote Country") is a radio station licensed to serve Brewton, Alabama, United States. The station is owned by Carol Ellington, through licensee Ellington Radio, Inc.
The 2012 Georgia Southern Eagles football team represented Georgia Southern University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by third-year head coach Jeff Monken and played their home games at Paulson Stadium. They were a member of the Southern Conference. They finished the season 10–4, 6–2 in SoCon play to claim a share of the conference championship with Appalachian State and Wofford. They received the SoCon's automatic bid into the FCS Playoffs where they defeated Central Arkansas in the second round and Old Dominion in the quarterfinals before falling to North Dakota State in the semifinals. That would turn out to be Georgia Southern's final FCS playoff game, as they announced they were moving to FBS and the Sun Belt Conference in 2014.
Aluminum is the third most abundant element in the lithosphere at 82,000 ppm. It occurs in low levels, 0.9 ppm, in humans.[1] Aluminum is known to be an ecotoxicant and expected to be a health risk to people. Global primary production (GPP) of aluminum was about 52 million tons in 2013 and remains one of the world's most important metals. It is used for infrastructure, vehicles, aviation, energy and more due to its lightweight, ductility, and cheap cost. Aluminum is harvested from gibbsite, boehmite, and diaspore which make up bauxite.[2] The aluminum cycle is the biogeochemical cycle by which aluminum is moved through the environment by natural and anthropogenic processes. The biogeochemical cycle of aluminum is integral with silicon and phosphorus. For example, phosphates store aluminum that has been sedimented and aluminum is found in diatoms (made of silica). Aluminum has been found to prevent growth in organisms by making phosphates less available. The humans/lithosphere ratio (B/L) is very low at 0.000011. This level shows that aluminum is more essential in the lithospheric cycle than in the biotic cycle.[1]
The banner of peace is a symbol of the Roerich Pact. This pact is the first international treaty dedicated to the protection of artistic and scientific institutions and historical monuments.[1] It was signed on April 15, 1935. The banner of peace was proposed by Nicholas Roerich for an international pact for the protection of culture values.
Mazapil is a locality in the Mexican state of Zacatecas. It serves as the municipal seat of the eponymous Mazapil Municipality.
GolfNow is an online booking service for tee times at golf courses. Originally established in 2001 by Cypress Golf Solutions in Scottsdale, Arizona, USA, it was acquired by Comcast via its Golf Channel unit in March 2008. Since Comcast's purchase of NBC Universal, the website operates as part of the NBC Sports Digital unit.
Herbert Stephen Irons (19 January 1834 – 29 June 1905),[1] was an English Organist. He also wrote hymns including the tune "Southwell".
Diana de Rosa (1602–1643 Naples, Italy), also known as Annella de Rosa or Annella di Massimo, was a seventeenth-century Neapolitan painter.
The Zune 30 is a portable media player developed by Microsoft, and the first hardware device in Microsoft's Zune brand. It was released on November 14, 2006, simply named the Zune. After subsequent versions with different hard drive capacities, the original Zune was renamed Zune 30.
The 2017 Tennessee State Tigers football team represented Tennessee State University as a member of the Ohio Valley Conference (OVC) in the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They were led by eighth-year head coach Rod Reed and played their home games at Nissan Stadium and Hale Stadium. Tennessee State finished the season 6–5 overall and 2–5 in OVC play to tie for seventh place.
José de Grácia Cruz (c. 1848 – 1924) was a Acjachemen man who was born in 1848 at Mission San Juan Capistrano.[1] He was known for his work as a bell ringer at the mission, as an artisan, a flutist in a native orchestra that would play at the mission, a sheep shearer, and for his knowledge of the Juaneño language and village sites, including Puvunga.[2][3][4] He was also the source of the story of the mission's swallows in St. John O'Sullivan's Capistrano Nights (1930).[3] He was referred to locally as "Acǘ,"[4] a nickname that was reportedly given to him as a child by his parents.[5]
The International Society for Human Rights (ISHR) is an international non-governmental, non-profit human rights organization with Participative Status with the Council of Europe and is a member of the Liaison Committee of the Non-Governmental Organisations at the Council of Europe. The ISHR has observer status with the African Commission of Human and Peoples' Rights. It has associate status with the Department of Public Information of the United Nations and Roster Consultative Status with the United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC).
The FC Basel 1922–23 season was their thirtieth season since the club's foundation on 15 November 1893. The club's chairman was Karl Ibach. It was his second period as chairman. At the AGM he took over the presidency from Carl Burkhardt. FC Basel played their home games in the Landhof in the district Wettstein in Kleinbasel.
Danielle Robinson (born May 10, 1989) is an American professional basketball player for the Atlanta Dream of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). She has previously played for the Indiana Fever, Minnesota Lynx, Phoenix Mercury, Las Vegas Aces, and San Antonio Stars in the WNBA.
Harald Zwart (born 1 July 1965) is a Dutch-Norwegian film director.[1]
Mus-Khaya (Russian: Мус-Хая, Yakut: Муус Хайа) is a mountain in Sakha Republic, Russia and the highest point of the Suntar-Khayata Range with an elevation of 2,959 m (9,708 ft).[2]
Olin's Bridge, or Olin Bridge, or Olin-Dewey Road Bridge[1] is a covered bridge that carries Dewey Road over the Ashtabula River in Plymouth Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States.  The bridge, one of currently 16 drivable bridges in the county, is a single span Town truss design, and is currently the only bridge in the county named for a family.  The Olin family has owned property next to the bridge since it was built.[2]  Members of the Olin family also operate a small museum and gift shop just east of the bridge at the house previously owned by Joyce Grandbouche.  The bridge’s WGCB number is 35-04-03,[3] and it is located approximately 3.6 mi (5.7 km) east of Ashtabula.
School District 18 may refer to, among other things:
The 3rd Legislative Assembly of Singapore was a meeting of the Legislative Assembly of Singapore. Its first and only session started on 22 October 1963[1] and ended on 16 June 1965. The assembly was dissolved on 9 August 1965 and was succeeded by the 1st Parliament of Singapore.
Cargo Plus Aviation was a cargo airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It operated ad hoc flights to Asia, Africa and eastern Europe.
The University Bible Fellowship (UBF; Korean: 대학생성경읽기선교회) is an international evangelical non-denominational Christian entity that originated in South Korea in 1961.[1] It was founded through a partnership between a Korean, Samuel Chang-Woo Lee, and Sarah Barry, an American Presbyterian missionary who was sent to South Korea. The international headquarters of UBF is in Chicago. The group members are concentrated in South Korea, but has chapters in 91 countries including American universities and community colleges.[2] The organization's stated goal is student evangelism.[3]
Nilo Ozib (born 26 September 1956) is a Mexican windsurfer. He competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.[1]
FK Brodarac 1947 (Serbian Cyrillic: ФК Бродарац 1947) is a defunct football club based in New Belgrade, Serbia. They were closely affiliated with FK Brodarac.[1]
The Saint Francis Cougars are the athletic teams that represent the University of Saint Francis, located in Fort Wayne, Indiana, in intercollegiate sports as a member of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA), primarily competing in the Crossroads League (formerly known as the Mid-Central College Conference (MCCC) until after the 2011–12 school year) for most of its sports since the 1994–95 academic year (which they were a member on a previous stint from 1966–67 to 1980–81); while its football team competes in the Mideast League of the Mid-States Football Association (MSFA).
Calderbank is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
R-28 regional road (Montenegrin: Regionalni put R-28) is a Montenegrin roadway.[1]
Guadalupe station is an elevated Manila Metro Rail Transit (MRT) station situated on Line 3. It is located in Makati, Philippines and is named because of its location between the barangays of Guadalupe Nuevo and Guadalupe Viejo, both are in turn named after Our Lady of Guadalupe.
Hurricane Township is a township in Carroll County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
Rosa Le Seur, married name Rosa Junkermann, (1846 – 1920)[1] was a German stage actress and soprano.
Mobile Suit Gundam 00 (機動戦士ガンダム00, Kidou Senshi Gandamu Daburu O), is a 3D action video game for the Nintendo DS based on the anime, Mobile Suit Gundam 00. The game involves four main characters who control their mobile suits, performing interventions against various conflicts around the world. It was developed by BEC, and published by Namco Games.
Queens—Lunenburg was a federal electoral district in the province of Nova Scotia, Canada, that was represented in the House of Commons of Canada from 1925 to 1949 and from 1953 to 1968.
The ventral trigeminal tract, ventral trigeminothalamic tract, anterior trigeminal tract, or anterior trigeminothalamic tract, is a tract composed of second order neuronal axons. These fibers carry sensory information about discriminative and crude touch, conscious proprioception, pain, and temperature from the head, face, and oral cavity. The ventral trigeminal tract connects the two major components of the brainstem trigeminal complex – the principal, or main sensory nucleus and the spinal trigeminal nucleus, to the ventral posteromedial nucleus of the thalamus.[1]

The 2021–22 Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball team represented the University of Illinois in the 2021–22 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. Led by fifth-year head coach Brad Underwood, the Illini played their home games at the State Farm Center in Champaign, Illinois as members of the Big Ten Conference. They finished the season 23–10, 15–5 in Big Ten play to finish in a two-way tie for the regular-season championship. As the No. 1 seed in the Big Ten tournament, they were defeated by No. 9 seed Indiana in the Quarterfinals. They received an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament as the No. 4 seed in the South Region, where they defeated Chattanooga in the First Round before losing to Houston in the Second Round. 
Serbian football clubs have participated in European football competitions since its formation, in 1955. It was a game including a Serbian club that marked the kick-off of UEFA European club competitions. It was played on 4 September 1955, in Estádio Nacional in Lisbon, between Portuguese champions Sporting CP, and Yugoslav champions, Partizan (a 3–3 draw, later Partizan won 5–2 in Belgrade).[2] Serbian clubs were by a large margin the most representative among all republics of former Yugoslavia. During Yugoslav periods, Serbian clubs played 3 finals, with the highlight happening in 1991 when Red Star Belgrade became European and world champions.
Downtown Buda Historic District is a six-block historic commercial area located in Buda, Texas.  The oldest building dates from 1881 when the town was created with the arrival of the International-Great Northern Railroad (I&GN).  The town experienced moderate success for the next forty years, but the downtown area never grew beyond its track-side beginnings.[2]
3D Slash is a type of 3D modeling software produced by Sylvain Huet.
Jefferson is a town in Monroe County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 800 at the 2000 census. The unincorporated community of St. Mary's is located within the town.
Agnes Aduako  (born 25 December 1989) is a Ghanaian footballer who plays as a forward for the Ghana women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 2014 African Women's Championship and at the 2015 African Games scoring a goal against Zimbabwe. At the club level, she played for Fabulous Ladies in Ghana.[1]
Krzyżańcowice [kʂɨʐaɲt͡sɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Gorzów Śląski, within Olesno County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north of Gorzów Śląski, 22 km (14 mi) north of Olesno, and 56 km (35 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
"Rich Girls" (stylised as "Rich Girl$") is the breakthrough single by Canadian pop rock group Down with Webster from the band's 2009 EP, Time to Win, Vol. 1. The song found commercial success in Canada, peaking at number 21 on the Canadian Hot 100[1] and became their breakthrough single.
Livein Cognito is a double live album by saxophonist Tim Berne's Big Satan. It was released in 2006 on Berne's Screwgun label.[1]
La Mort de la gazelle is a 2008 documentary film.
Kacper Roman Zych (born 12 May 2002) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a striker for GKS Jastrzębie, on loan from MFK Karviná.[1]
Giulio Cappellini is the founder and art director of the eponymous Italian furniture company Cappellini[1] based in Milan. In 2004 the Company became part of the Poltrona Frau Group.[citation needed] In 2021, it was acquired by the American office furnisher Haworth Inc.[2]
Denev (Bulgarian: Денев) is a Bulgarian masculine surname, its feminine counterpart is Deneva. Notable people with the surname include:
Gary Pressy is an American organist. He played organ for the Chicago Cubs at Wrigley Field in Chicago, Illinois. On Saturday, May 25, 2019, Pressy reached his 2,633-consecutive played game; never having missed a day in 33 years. He retired at the end of the 2019 season.[1]
The Convento de San José de los Carmelitas Descalzos[pronunciation?] (English: Convent of Saint Joseph of Discalced Carmelites) was a convent located in the city of Zaragoza, that belonged to the Discalced Carmelites. It was demolished recently, in the 1970s.
Shoval Sofer (born June 30, 1998) is an Israeli female acrobatic gymnast. With partners Avia Brener and May Miller, Sofer competed at the 2014 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships,[1] at the 2015 European Games, and at the 2016 Acrobatic Gymnastics World Championships.

Thomas Prothero (or Protheroe) (1780–1853) was a Welsh lawyer, mine owner and businessman, known as an opponent of John Frost.[1]
The Malter, Malterre or Maltaire family was a dynasty of French dancers and choreographers, from which came several members of the 18th century Académie royale de danse.  It was a large family and it can often be difficult to identify its members with certainty, though the relationships given below are attested by contemporary documents:
Lucius Bruttius Quintius Crispinus was a Roman senator who lived in the second century AD. He was ordinary consul in 187, and Lucius Roscius Aelianus Paculus was his colleague.[1]
Fairytales and Reality is the third album from Swedish/German power metal band Dionysus released August 23, 2006 (advanced Japanese release).
Chalky Teeth is a colloquialism used to describe teeth that are abnormal in some way. The term usually refers to tooth enamel that is visibly different in colour, consistency or shape (morphology). Hence, by analogy to blackboard chalk, "chalky enamel" is discoloured, opaque, soft, porous and prone to degradation or staining – unlike normal enamel which is translucent, hard and impermeable. Chalky teeth and derivative terms ("chalky molars", "chalky enamel") have received widespread exposure as a metaphor for malformed teeth with elevated risk of tooth decay. A public "Chalky Teeth Campaign" highlights the major socioeconomic burdens of this medico-dental problem and desirability of research into prevention. [1][2][3][4][5] The gritty sensation elicited by oxalate-rich foods such as spinach may also be described as "chalky teeth'. [6]
The 1990 UC Santa Barbara Gauchos football team represented the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) as an independent during the 1990 NCAA Division III football season. Led by first-year head coach Rick Candaele, the Gauchos compiled a record of 6–4 and were outscored by their opponents 271 to 248 for the season. The team played home games at Harder Stadium in Santa Barbara, California.
The Zeitschrift für Ostmitteleuropa-Forschung (Journal of East Central European Studies) is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal covering the history and culture of Eastern Europe. It is published by the Herder-Institut für historische Ostmitteleuropaforschung (English: "Herder Institute for Historical Research on East Central Europe"; Marburg).[1][2]
Jeppiaar University is a  Private University.It was founded in 2021.It is located in Chennai ,Tamil Nadu.It was established under the Tamil Nadu Private Universities Act, 2019.[1][2]
The Orbiting Astronomical Observatory 2 (OAO-2, nicknamed Stargazer) was the first successful space telescope (first space telescope being OAO-1, which failed to operate once in orbit), launched on December 7, 1968.[3] An Atlas-Centaur rocket launched it into a nearly circular 750-kilometre (470 mi) altitude Earth orbit.[4] Data was collected in ultraviolet on many sources including comets, planets, and galaxies.[3][5] It had two major instrument sets facing in opposite directions; the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory (SAO) and the Wisconsin Experiment Package (WEP).[5]  One discovery was large halos of hydrogen gas around comets,[5] and it also observed Nova Serpentis, which was a nova discovered in 1970.[3]

The Benton Fault is a geological fault in southern Pembrokeshire in Wales that was active as a normal fault during the deposition of the Old Red Sandstone during the Devonian period, forming a thick half graben.[1] During the Carboniferous, the Benton Fault was strongly inverted as part of the Variscan Orogeny.[2]
Rosa 'King's Ransom' is a deep yellow hybrid tea rose cultivar, developed by American hybridizer Dr. Dennison Morey in 1961.  The rose was named an All-America Rose Selections winner in 1962.
The 2018–19 VTB United League was the 10th complete season of the VTB United League. It was also the sixth season that the league functions as the Russian domestic first tier level. It started in October 2018 with the first round of the regular season and ended in June 2019 with the last game of the finals.
Live in New York 1.24.04 is the second recording, and first live recording, by Nicholas Payton's electric jazz band Sonic Trance. It was recorded live at the 2004 International Association for Jazz Education (IAJE) conference in New York City.
The Lind Coulee Archaeological Site, also known as 45GR97, is the site of an archaeological dig near Warden, Washington. It dates to c. 11,000 cal BP.

Md. Altaf Hossain was a Bangladeshi academic and former Vice-Chancellor of the University of Rajshahi.[1]
International Trauma Life Support (ITLS) is a nonprofit organization dedicated to the education in managing out-of-hospital trauma situations. ITLS was formed in 1982 as Basic Trauma Life Support. The organization's name was changed to highlight its focus on becoming an international standard.[1] The educational materials presented by this organization are taught to emergency medical services' personnel across the United States and internationally.
The Ministry of Internal Affairs (Kazakh: Ішкі істер министрлігі, Işkı ıster ministrlıgı, [ɘʂkʰɘ ɘstʰʲer ministərlɘɡɘ]; Russian: Министерство внутренних дел) is the Kazakh government ministry which oversees the police and the National Guard (formerly the Internal Troops) of Kazakhstan.[1] The Ministry is headed by the Minister of Internal Affairs of the Republic of Kazakhstan, appointed by the decree of the President of Kazakhstan. The Minister of Internal Affairs has 5 deputies, including the First Deputy Minister.[2][3]

Rada Peak (78°37′00″S 85°13′00″W﻿ / ﻿78.61667°S 85.21667°W﻿ / -78.61667; -85.21667) is a rounded peak that rises to 4001 m between Bugueño Pinnacle and Mount Craddock on the crest of the Craddock Massif in the Sentinel Range. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 2006 after Camilo Rada Giacaman, a Chilean member of the Omega High Antarctic GPS Expedition to the Sentinel Range, 2004 and 2005; together with Manuel Bugueño in the latter season, he obtained GPS data for Mount Craddock and Rada Peak.[1]
Laniers, also known as Laniersville, is an unincorporated community in Talladega County, Alabama, United States.
Roman Szewczyk (born March 18, 1965 in Bytom) is a former Polish football player. He played 37 times for Poland, scoring 3 goals.[1]
Xu Zizhou (Chinese: 徐自宙; born 8 January 1981) is a Chinese former track and field sprinter. His personal best of 45.25 seconds for the 400 metres is the Chinese record for the event. He was the 400 m bronze medallist at the Asian Athletics Championships in 2000 and secured a gold medal at the 2001 East Asian Games.
The ecological environment of Isfahan, Iran, reflects many interrelated factors, such as wildlife, climate, topography, irrigation, farming, and the human population. 
Okinawa no Kaze (沖縄の風, Okinawan Wind) is a compilation album released by Rimi Natsukawa on February 25, 2004 (2004-02-25), marketed as an Okinawan song cover album.[1]
Snota is a prominent mountain in the Trollheimen mountain range in the municipality of Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway.  It is also the highest mountain in the municipality of Surnadal.  It lies west of the mountain Trollhetta and north of the mountain Neådalssnota.
Drug War (simplified Chinese: 毒战; traditional Chinese: 毒戰) is a 2012 action thriller film[4] directed and produced by Johnnie To. The film stars Sun Honglei as Police Captain Zhang, who partners with a drug lord named Timmy Choi (Louis Koo) after Choi is arrested. To avoid the death penalty, Choi agrees to reveal information about his partners' methamphetamine ring. Zhang starts to harbor doubts about Choi's honesty as the police begin to take on the drug ring.

This is a list of the Singapore Top 30 Digital Streaming number-one songs in 2022, according to the Recording Industry Association of Singapore.
The Ryan White Story is a 1989 American made-for-television biographical drama film starring Lukas Haas, and Judith Light, directed by John Herzfeld. The film first aired on the ABC network on January 16, 1989. It is based on the true story of the American teenager Ryan White, who became a national poster child for HIV/AIDS in the United States, after being expelled from middle school because of his infection. Nielsen ratings estimated that the movie was seen by 15 million viewers on the original airing.[1]
Szaciły [ʂaˈt͡ɕiwɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jaświły, within Mońki County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
Ida Liu (Chinese: 劉宏敏) is a Chinese American banking executive and currently the Global Head of Citi Private Bank, a position which she has held since April 2021. She previously headed Citi Private Bank in North America.[1]
Əcəmi (also, Adzhami) is a village and municipality in the Yevlakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 378. 
Otari (小谷村, Otari-mura) is a village located in Nagano Prefecture, Japan. As of 30 November 2018[update], the village had an estimated population of 2,914 in 1251 households,[1] and a population density of 11 persons per km². The total area of the village is 267.91 square kilometres (103.44 sq mi).
Rebin Asaad (born 31 October 1994) is a Swedish professional footballer of Kurdish-Iraqi descent who plays as a midfielder for Österlen FF.[1]
The 2022 Argentine Primera División - Liga Profesional (officially the Torneo Binance 2022 for sponsorship reasons)[1] was the 132nd season of top-flight professional football in Argentina. The league season began on 3 June and ended on 25 October 2022.[2]
The Winthrop Woman is Anya Seton's 1958 historical novel about Elizabeth Fones, a settler of the Massachusetts Bay Colony and a founder of Greenwich, Connecticut.[1]

Gunnar Dyrberg (12 November 1921 Faaborg – 8 January 2012) was a member of the Danish resistance movement during World War II, leading  the Holger Danske, a Danish resistance group in the capital Copenhagen, from 1943 to 1945. After the war, Dyrberg became a public administrator, holding several appointed positions in government, and later a public relations executive in banking. For more than 40 years, he also owned and operated a horse farm, breeding and training Icelandic horses in Høsterkøb, North Zealand.
The 2022 heat wave in India and Pakistan is an extreme weather event which has resulted in the hottest March in the subcontinent since 1901. The hot season arrived unusually early in the year and extended into April, affecting a large part of India's northwest and Pakistan.[1][2] The heatwave has combined with a drought, with rainfall being only a quarter to a third of normal.  The heat wave is remarkable for occurring during a La Niña event.[3] Delhi and Banda in Uttar Pradesh recorded 49.2 degree celsius on May 15,2022. Jacobabad recorded 51 degree celsius on May 15,2022.
Glencoe (foaled 1864) was a notable Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won the 1868 Melbourne Cup and eight other principal races.
Over the past 200 years, the United States has lost more than 50% of its wetlands.[1] And even with the current focus on wetland conservation, the US is losing about 60,000 acres (240 km2) of wetlands per year (as of 2004).[2]  However, from 1998 to 2004 the United States managed a net gain of 191,750 acres (776.0 km2) of wetlands (mostly freshwater).[2]
The past several decades have seen an increasing number of laws and regulations regarding wetlands, their surroundings, and their inhabitants, creating protections through several different outlets. Some of the most important have been and are the Migratory Bird Act, Swampbuster, and the Clean Water Act.

Sir Samuel Osborne-Gibbes, 2nd Baronet (27 August 1803 – 12 November 1874) was a British Army officer, Freemason, plantation owner and politician. Born in England, he spent his early years on his father's sugar plantation on Barbados. After his parents' death, he was brought up by an uncle in England. After some military service, he took over the sugar plantation in Barbados, where he remained until the abolition of slavery in 1833. He returned to England, but left his home country in 1850 for Sydney in Australia. In 1855, he emigrated to New Zealand, where he remained for the rest of his life. He was one of the highest Masons in the country and was a Member of the New Zealand Legislative Council from 1855 to 1863.
Anubrata is an Indian masculine given name. Notable people with the name include:
Ronaldus Joannes Michael Maria "Ronald" Does (born 13 January 1955 in Haarlem)[2] is a Dutch mathematician, known for several contributions to statistics and Lean Six Sigma. His research interests include control charts, Lean Six Sigma, and the integration of industrial statistics in services and healthcare.
Sarab-e Dowreh (Persian: سراب دوره, also Romanized as Sarāb-e Dowreh, Sarāb Dowrah, Sarāb Dowreh, and Sarāb-e Do Rah; also known as Sarāb Darreh and Sarāb Doreh)[2] is a city in and capital of Dowreh County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 1,312, in 326 families.[3]
Inger "Jane Brick" Lindström (12 June 1942 – 3 September 2016) was a Swedish television journalist.
Bizyar (Russian: Бизяр) is a rural locality (a selo) in Palnikovskoye Rural Settlement, Permsky District, Perm Krai, Russia. The population was 70 as of 2010.[2] There are 10 streets.
Bagontaas is the fourth most populous barangay in Valencia City (as of 2015). Development of the Barangay was known gradually because of the about to be constructed Robinsons Place, Toyota Valencia, and 7-Eleven near the MVC crossing. The Official Public school in Bagontaas is Bagontaas Central Elementary School. There are schools in Bagontaas like Central Bukidnon Institute, Bagontaas Adventist Elementary Schools and more.
Dunstable and Whipsnade Downs is a 73.4-hectare (181-acre) Site of Special Scientific Interest in Dunstable in Bedfordshire. It was notified in 1987 under Section 28 of the Wildlife and Countryside Act 1981, and the local planning authority is Central Bedfordshire Council. It is in the Chilterns Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, and part of it is owned by the National Trust.[1][2][3]

This is a list of people who served as Lord Lieutenant of County Waterford.
Moracizine[1] or moricizine, sold under the trade name Ethmozine, is an antiarrhythmic of class IC.[2] It was used for the prophylaxis and treatment of serious and life-threatening ventricular arrhythmias,[3] but was withdrawn in 2007 for commercial reasons.[4]


The 2015 Worcester City Council election took place on 7 May 2015 to elect members of Worcester City Council in England.[1] This was on the same day as other local elections.
Star Wars Comic was a British comic book series published monthly by Titan Magazines from 1999 to 2014. For its first five volumes of publication, the title featured comic strips reprinted from Star Wars comics originally published in the United States by Dark Horse Comics. From volume six onwards, each issue featured an original comic strip based on the Star Wars franchise.
The Protestant church of Oudega or Saint Agatha church[1][2] is a religious building in Oudega, Netherlands, one of the many medieval churches in Friesland.
Ezaa (Ezza, Eza) is an Igboid language spoken in Ebonyi state in Nigeria. It forms a dialect cluster with closely related Izii, Ikwo, and Mgbo, though they are only marginally mutually intelligible.
Michiel Adriaenszoon de Ruyter (IPA: [miˈxil ˈaːdrijaːnˌsoːn də ˈrœytər]; 24 March 1607 – 29 April 1676) was a Dutch admiral. His achievements with the Dutch Navy during the Anglo-Dutch Wars earned him the reputation as one of the most skilled naval commanders in history.
The 2023 Penn Quakers football team will represent the University of Pennsylvania as a member of the Ivy League during the 2023 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The team is led by eight-year head coach Ray Priore and plays home games at Franklin Field in Philadelphia.
The Norway women's national under-19 football team represents Norway at the UEFA Women's Under-19 Championship and the FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup.
Whispering Pages, also transliterated as Tikhiye Stranitsy (Russian: Тихие страницы), is a 1994 Russian film directed by Alexander Sokurov. The film was a Russian-German co-production.[1]
The 1982 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University as a member of the Southwest Conference (SWC) during the 1982 NCAA Division I-A football season. In their second season under head coach Jerry Moore, the Red Raiders compiled a 4–7 record (3–5 against SWC opponents), were outscored by a combined total of 234 to 157, and finished in a tie for sixth place in the conference.[2]  The team played its home games at Clifford B. and Audrey Jones Stadium in Lubbock, Texas.
In civil law, obrogation (Latin: obrogat[1] from obrogare[2]) is the modification or repeal of a law in whole or in part by issuing a new law.[3][4][5]
Jamie Sadlowski (born July 6, 1988[1]) is a Canadian professional long driver, golfer and ice hockey player from St. Paul, Alberta. One of the longest drivers in the world with a personal best of 445 yards, he won the RE/MAX World Long Drive Championship successively in 2008 and 2009 and has competed in over a hundred long driving events and demonstrations.
 Platja Pou d'es Lleo is a beach on the north east seaboard of the Spanish island of Ibiza. It is in the municipality of Santa Eulària des Riu[1] and is 11.8 kilometres (7.3 mi)[2] north-east of the town of Santa Eulària des Riu, and 6.3 kilometres (3.9 mi) east of  the village of San Carlos.[2]
Benuzzi (Italian pronunciation: [beˈnuttsi]) is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:

John Betham (1642?–1709) was an English Catholic priest and tutor to James Francis Edward Stuart (son of James II of England and later called the Old Pretender).
Drew Adams (born August 19, 1986 in Springfield, Pennsylvania) is a former professional lacrosse player who played for the Archers Lacrosse Club of the Premier Lacrosse League[1] and the Long Island/New York Lizards of Major League Lacrosse.[2] Adams played collegiately at Penn State University, where he was named an All American three times. Adams ranks first in PSU history with 694 career saves.
Tarun Khanna (born; 1968) is an Indian-born American academic, author, and an economic strategist. He is currently the Jorge Paulo Lemann professor at Harvard Business School; where he is a member of the strategy group, and the director of Harvard University’s South Asia initiative since 2010.[2]
Vigdis Songe-Møller (born 1 April 1949) is Professor of Philosophy at the University of Bergen.
Mohamed Mehedi Hasan Royal (Bengali: মোহাম্মদ মেহেদি হাসান রয়েল), also ‍spelled as Mehadi Hasan Royel, is a Bangladeshi professional footballer who plays as a forward for Bangladesh Premier League club Abahani Limited Dhaka and the Bangladesh national team.[2][3] He debuted against Nepal on 27 March, 2021.[4][5][6]
West Muskingum High School is a public high school in Zanesville, Ohio, United States.
The Romanian Tennis Federation (FRT) (Romanian: Federația Română de Tenis) is the governing body of tennis in Romania. It is based in Bucharest and its current president is former Romanian tennis player Ion Țiriac.[1]
The Val Colla is a valley and a quarter of the city of Lugano in the Swiss canton of Ticino, to the north-east of the city of Lugano. It includes the localities of Bogno, Valcolla, Certara, Cimadera, Sonvico, which are all part of the city of Lugano, and the municipality of Capriasca.[1]
Barromán is a municipality located in the province of Ávila, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 226 inhabitants.
Reginald Manning Dixon was a sailor from Canada, who represented his country in the 1932 Summer Olympics in the Snowbird in Los Angeles, United States as well as in the 1936 Summer Olympics in the O-Jolle in Kiel, Germany.
The 1950 Oregon Webfoots football team represented the University of Oregon as a member of the Pacific Coast Conference (PCC) during the 1950 college football season. In their fourth and final season under head coach Jim Aiken, the Webfoots compiled a 1–9 record (0–7 against PCC opponents), finished in last place in the PCC, and were outscored by their opponents, 214 to 97.[1] The team played its home games at Hayward Field in Eugene, Oregon.
14°22′58″N 121°1′56″E﻿ / ﻿14.38278°N 121.03222°E﻿ / 14.38278; 121.03222
The 1952 Ball State Cardinals football team was an American football team that represented Ball State Teachers College (later renamed Ball State University) in the Indiana Collegiate Conference (ICC) during the 1952 college football season. In its 17th and final season under head coach John Magnabosco, the team compiled a 3–5–1 record and finished in fourth place out of six teams in the ICC.[1]
Jim Brown: All-American is a 2002 documentary film directed by Spike Lee.[1]
Kenneth Scott Hannan (born January 23, 1979) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey player. Hannan was born in Richmond, British Columbia, but grew up in Surrey, British Columbia.
Ureterp (West Frisian: Oerterp) is a village in the municipality of Opsterland in the east of Friesland, the Netherlands. After Gorredijk it is the second largest village of the municipality with a population of around 4,785 in January 2017.[3]
Kamloops station is a railway station in Kamloops, British Columbia, Canada. It serves as the overnight stopover point for the Rocky Mountaineer train service to Jasper, Banff and Calgary from Vancouver.[1]
Tone Vigeland (born 6 August 1938) is a Norwegian goldsmith/silversmith and jewellery designer.
A lawn jockey is a statue depicting a man in jockey clothes, intended to be placed in front yards as hitching posts, similar to those of footmen bearing lanterns near entrances and gnomes in gardens. The lawn ornament, popular in certain parts of the United States and Canada in years past,[1] was a cast replica, usually about half-scale or smaller, generally of a man dressed in jockey's clothing and holding up one hand as though taking the reins of a horse. The hand sometimes carries a metal ring (suitable for hitching a horse in the case of solid concrete or iron versions) and, in some cases, a lantern, which may or may not be operational.
Alıç is a village in the Gölpazarı District, Bilecik Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 54 (2021).[2]
Manchester is an incorporated village in the town of Manchester, Bennington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 783 at the 2020 census.[5]
Trubila (Belarusian: Трубіла) is a Belarusian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Daniel Russell Brown (March 28, 1848 – February 28, 1919) was an American politician and the 43rd Governor of Rhode Island.
Lynch Station is an unincorporated community in Campbell County, Virginia. It is just north of the town of Altavista, focused around Route 626. Although technically in Campbell County, some areas in the southeastern part of neighboring Bedford County use Lynch Station as their address. Lynch Station's elevation is 705 feet (215 meters).
[1]
Print butter is an obsolete term for butter that was sold in wrappers printed with "some emblematic device" as a branding device[1][2] as modern butter almost always is. Originally the wrappers were normally cloth and sometimes washed and returned for re-use by the retailer.[1]  By the late 19th century greaseproof paper took over from cloth.[1] The term is found in American sources from at least 1791[3] to 1949.[4] Packages of butter thus wrapped were called prints (for example, pound prints weighed one pound each). 
Persimfans was a conductorless orchestra in Moscow in the Soviet Union that was founded by Lev Tseitlin and existed between 1922 and 1932. Its name is an abbreviation for Pervïy Simfonicheskiy Ansambl' bez Dirizhyora (First Conductorless Symphony Ensemble).
The Vogel conflict test (VCT) is a conflict based experimental method primarily used in pharmacology. It is used to determine anxiolytic properties of drugs. The VCT predicts drugs that can manage generalized anxiety disorders and acute anxiety states.[1]
Keiichi Suzuki (鈴木 敬一, July 1889 – November 29, 1973) was a Japanese politician who served as governor of Hiroshima Prefecture from January 1935 to April 1936. He was also governor of Toyama Prefecture (1931–1932), Kumamoto Prefecture (1932–1935) and Kyoto Prefecture (1936–1939).
Wolf Creek Colony is a Hutterite colony[4] and census-designated place (CDP) in Hutchinson County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 0 at the 2020 census.[5] It was first listed as a CDP prior to the 2020 census.[3]
A breve (/ˈbriːv/ (listen), less often /ˈbrɛv/ (listen), neuter form of the Latin brevis "short, brief") is the diacritic mark ˘, shaped like the bottom half of a circle. As used in Ancient Greek, it is also called brachy, βραχύ. It resembles the caron (the wedge or háček in Czech, mäkčeň in Slovak) but is rounded, in contrast to the angular tip of the caron. In many forms of Latin, ˘ is used for a shorter, softer variant of a vowel, such as "Ĭ", where the sound is nearly identical to the English /i/. (See: Latin IPA)
The Central Highlands of India are a biogeographic region in India  formed by the disjunct ranges of the Satpura and Vindhya Hills. It is given the term 6A within the Deccan zone in the Rodgers and Panwar (1988) classification. 
The zone adjoins 6D, the Central Plateau and 4B, the Gujarat Rajputana and extends across the states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. The total area is approximately 250,000 km2 and there are 27 Protected Areas (20 Wildlife Sanctuaries and 7 National Parks) covering 4.9% of the area. There are also six Project Tiger Reserves in the region.
Juan Cifré Navas (born 26 May 1993) is a Spanish footballer who plays as a right back.
Medical Academy for Science and Technology, also referred to as MAST Academy @ Homestead,[2] is a secondary magnet school located in Homestead, Florida.[3] It opened for the 2010–2011 school year as a few classrooms in Campbell Middle School (renamed Center For International Education: A Cambridge Associate School in 2014), then moved into the then-closed Homestead Medical Hospital in 2011.[4]
Omer Blodgett (1917 – January 11, 2017) was a structural welder, educator, and the author of Design of Welded Structures and Design of Weldments.[1][2][3] He was seen as an expert in his field, known for making complex issues simple and easy to understand and coining many phrases in use by structural welders.[2][4] His two books are still considered foundational in structural welding.[5]
David B. Hill
Democratic
João Corso, S.D.B. (March 30, 1928 – October 15, 2014) was a Brazilian salesian who led the Diocese of Campos from 1990 to 1995.
Saint-Didier-d'Aussiat (French pronunciation: ​[sɛ̃ didje dosja]) is a commune in the Ain department in eastern France.
The 1980 Montreal Alouettes finished the season in 2nd place in the Eastern Conference with an 8–8 record. They appeared in the East Final, where they lost 24–13 to the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, ending their three-year reign as the East Conference representative in the Grey Cup.
The Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was one of the founding members of the Non-Aligned Movement. Its capital, Belgrade, was the host of the First Summit of the Non-Aligned Movement in early September 1961.  The city also hosted the Ninth Summit in September 1989.
Annalee Whitmore Fadiman (May 27, 1916 – February 5, 2002)[1] was a scriptwriter for MGM, and World War II foreign correspondent for Life and Time magazines.[2] She was the co-author with Theodore H. White of Thunder Out of China, a book on the Chinese civil war.[3]
The OKO-7 was to have been a heavy fighter produced in the Ukraine region of the USSR in 1940
Helicopter Sea Combat Squadron 23 (HSC-23), also known as the "Wildcards", are a United States Navy helicopter squadron based at Naval Air Station North Island in San Diego, California. The "Wildcards" currently fly the MH-60S Seahawk helicopter and the MQ-8C Firescout. HSC-23 is the sister squadron of the HSC-21 "Blackjacks" stationed at Naval Air Station North Island.
Helenów [xɛˈlɛnuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Głowaczów, within Kozienice County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1]
Richard L. Newhafer (March 6, 1921—October 12, 1974) was an American novelist, teleplay writer and television director whose experience as a highly decorated veteran of World War II and the Korean War played a key role in his books and in his contribution to ABC's 1960s series Combat! and Twelve O'Clock High.
Maszkowice [maʂkɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ozorków, within Zgierz County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Ozorków, 15 km (9 mi) north-west of Zgierz, and 23 km (14 mi) north-west of the regional capital Łódź.
Zorge (Russian: Зорге) is a station on the Moscow Central Circle of the Moscow Metro. It became the 30th station on the line when it opened in November 2016.[1]
Religionym (from Latin: religio / religion, and Greek: ὄνομα / name) and confessionym (from Latin: confessio / confession, and Greek: ὄνομα / name) are polysemic terms, and neologisms, that have several distinctive meanings, generally related (from the semantic point of view) to religious (confessional) terminology, but are (in their specific meanings) defined and used differently among scholars. As a consequence of a wide variety of uses, specific meanings of those terms can be mutually distinctive, but also overlapping. Some scholars have used one or the other term as designations for a particular onomastic class that encompasses the proper names of religions and cults (like: Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, Islam), while others have used the same terms (one or the other) as names for a particular anthroponymic class, encompassing the proper names that designate religious adherents (like: Hindus, Buddhists, Christians, Muslims). In scholarly literature, both terms (religionym and confessionym) are sometimes also used in much broader meaning, as designations for all terms that are semantically related to religious (confessional) terminology.[1][2][3][4][5][6][7][8]
Martha Lipton (April 6, 1913 – November 28, 2006) was an American operatic mezzo-soprano.[1]
Beykoz Arena is a stadium that is currently under construction in Beykoz, Turkey. It was expected to open to the public in 2015 and have a capacity of 10,000 spectators.  It will be the new home of Beykozspor of the TFF Third League. It will replace the club's current home, Beykoz Stadyumu.[1][2]
3915 Fukushima, provisional designation 1988 PA1, is a carbonaceous asteroid from the inner regions of the asteroid belt, approximately 21 kilometers in diameter.
Sowa Chiefdom is a chiefdom in Pujehun District of Sierra Leone.[1][2] Its capital is Bandajuma.
Athletes from the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, United States.  These Games were the first Olympic appearance of Montenegrin and Serbian athletes under the Flag of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the continuation of the use of Yugoslavia as a designation.  The nation was not allowed to participate at the 1992 Summer Olympics because of international sanctions.  Several Yugoslav athletes competed as Independent Olympic Participants at those Games.  New Yugoslavia participated in thirteen sports: athletics, basketball, canoe/kayak, diving, fencing, judo, shooting, swimming, table tennis, volleyball, water polo, weightlifting, and wrestling.[1]
Jijeung of Silla (437–514) (r. 500–514) was the 22nd ruler of the Korean kingdom of Silla.  He is remembered for strengthening royal authority and building Silla into a centralized kingdom.
The Eastern pediment of the Temple of Zeus at Olympia depicts the tale of Pelops just before the chariot race[1] wherein he kills the king Oenomaus in order to win the hand of his daughter Hippodamia.[2] The depiction of this chariot race on the east pediment of the Temple of Zeus at Olympia, along with that of the Twelve Labours of Heracles on the metopes of the frieze, relate to the location of the temple in Olympia; the chariot race and Heracles were both believed to have started the tradition of the Olympic Games.[3]

John Bosworth (May 1836 – 27 September 1917) was a politician in the early days of the Colony of South Australia.
Barbagallo is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Hans Gulbranson (1787–1868) was a Norwegian businessperson. He was a pioneer in the development of textile industry in Norway in the mid-1800s.
[1]
The Gongman (also known as the "man-with-the-gong") is a company trademark for the J. Arthur Rank Organisation. It was used as the introduction to all Rank films, many of which were shot at their Pinewood Studios, and included those Rank distributed. The Gongman logo first appeared on films distributed by General Film Distributors, which was established in 1935 by the British producer C. M. Woolf and J. Arthur Rank; it was C.M. Woolf's secretary who thought of the man-with-a-gong trademark.[1] When the Rank Organisation was established in 1937, with General Film Distributors as one of its cornerstones, the logo was adopted for the whole organisation. 
Gregory Leon Cleveland (August 19, 1963 – January 8, 2019)[1] was an American football defensive tackle who played for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at University of Florida.[2][3]
Hazard elimination is a hazard control strategy based on completely removing a material or process causing a hazard.  Elimination is the most effective of the five members of the hierarchy of hazard controls in protecting workers, and where possible should be implemented before all other control methods.[1][2][3]  Many jurisdictions require that an employer eliminate hazards if it is possible, before considering other types of hazard control.[4][5]
Pandari Bai (1930 – 29 January 2003)[1][2] was an Indian actress who worked in South Indian cinema, mostly in Kannada cinema during the 1950s, 1960s and 1970s. She is considered Kannada cinema's first successful heroine.[3] She has acted as both heroine and mother to stalwarts such as Rajkumar, M. G. Ramachandran, Sivaji Ganesan. She was the heroine in Rajkumar's debut movie Bedara Kannappa and also Sivaji's debut movie Parasakthi.[4][2][5] She has acted in over 1,000 films in Kannada, Tamil, Telugu and Hindi.[6]  Bai was honoured by  Kalaimamani from the Tamil Nadu government.[7] The following is a complete list of her films:
Vindegga Ridge (72°57′S 3°46′W﻿ / ﻿72.950°S 3.767°W﻿ / -72.950; -3.767) is a ridge of low peaks extending north from Huldreslottet Mountain, in the south part of Borg Massif in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and named Vindegga (the wind ridge).
Dottikon-Dintikon railway station (German: Bahnhof Dottikon-Dintikon) is a railway station in the municipality of Villmergen, in the Swiss canton of Aargau. It is an intermediate stop on the standard gauge Rupperswil–Immensee line of Swiss Federal Railways.[1]
Hans Andreas Limi (born 26 September 1960) is a Norwegian businessperson and politician for the Progress Party. He is currently an MP for the Akershus constituency since 2013 and the party's first deputy leader since 2023. He previously served as the party's parliamentary leader from 2017 to 2020.
The NYC Condom is a male condom offered by the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene's NYC Condom Availability Program (NYCAP). The program distributes free safer sex products (including male condoms,[1] internal condoms (FC2) and lubricant).
The Gold Sock killer is the moniker of an unidentified American serial killer who murdered a woman and two teenage girls in Broward County, Florida, between July and August 1973. His nickname came from how he strangled his victims to death with socks; however, a gold-colored sock was only used in two instances.[1]
Phillip Ranson Hancock (born October 30, 1953) is an American professional golfer who formerly played on the PGA Tour.
Paul Gavarni was the pen name of Sulpice Guillaume Chevalier (13 January 1804 – 24 November 1866),[1] a French illustrator, born in Paris.
Bjarke is a Danish masculine given name. People bearing the name Bjarke include:
The Symphony No. 3 also known as the September Symphony (Polish: Symfonia wrześniowa) is a symphony in four movements by Wojciech Kilar.
Created in 1971 by Josephine Forsberg, The Players Workshop was Chicago's only official school of improvisation for over a decade.[1] Although it was never officially a part of The Second City cabaret theater, The Players Workshop was often referred to as Players Workshop Of The Second City, due to the school's close affiliation with the famous sketch comedy stage. From 1971 through the mid-1990s, performers flocked to The Players Workshop to study improv with Josephine Forsberg, Linnea Forsberg, Martin de Maat, or one of the school's many other instructors, in the hopes of eventually getting onto The Second City mainstage.[2]
Marine Composite Reconnaissance Squadron 1 (VMCJ-1) was an aviation squadron of the United States Marine Corps that provided aerial photographic reconnaissance and electronic countermeasures is support of the Fleet Marine Force.  The squadron was formed in 1958 with the merger of Marine Composite Squadron 1 (VMC-1) and Marine Photo Reconnaissance 1 (VMJ-1). The squadron's support to the Vietnam War began in 1964 flying off Yankee Station and ended with sorties in support of Operation Frequent Wind during the fall of Saigon.  VMCJ-1 was decommissioned in 1975 as the Marine Corps further consolidated its aerial photo reconnaissance assets after the Vietnam War.
Minnette Frerichs Doderer (May 16, 1923 – August 12, 2005) was an American politician. She served in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1964 to 1969 and from 1981 to 2001 and in the Iowa Senate from 1969 to 1979.[1]
Pathways to Higher Education (PHE/EG) is a soft-skills oriented training program funded by Ford Foundation in fourteen different countries across the globe, and implemented in Egypt by Cairo University represented by CAPSCU in three phases over a period of ten years, starting 2002 through 2012. The main objectives of PHE/EG is to enhance the skills of socially disadvantaged (underprivileged) groups among the university students and graduates, focusing on students and graduates of humanities and social sciences specializations preserving gender equal opportunity, with a primary view to improving their chances of access to postgraduate studies, enhancing their prospects to benefit from any scholarships programs, and/or maximizing their potential for acquiring better employment opportunities. These developmental issues are in-line with the overall objectives and reform strategy of the Egyptian Ministry of Higher Education (MOHE) that is being implemented in phases by the  Projects Management Unit (PMU/MOHE).
To achieve an effective outreach, CAPSCU established partnerships with counterpart stakeholders concerned with skills-oriented human resources capacity building.  One of the partners is the Social Fund for Development (SFD)] a government funding mechanism that provides support for graduates to start their own businesses.  In addition, the main beneficiaries are the ten Egyptian public universities participating in Phase-I & Phase-II of the PHE/EG project, namely Cairo, Ain-Shams, Assiut, Helwan, Minia, South Valley, Fayoum, Beni-Suef, Benha and Suhag, as well as the remaining eight of the existing eighteen public universities that will participate in Phase-III, namely, Alexandria, Mansoura, Zagazig, Menoufia, Tanta, Suez Canal, Kafr El-Sheikh, Port Said and Damanhoor.
The Management Team of PHE/EG project established a management network infrastructure/mechanism that allows for the concurrent implementation of the PHE/EG training programs in all public universities, biannually during mid-term and summer holidays.  This entails having a project coordinator in each university working closely with the PHE/EG management team to cater for all logistical matters for running the training programs
, including; interviews of applicants that meet the preliminary online screening criteria, providing them with automated online assessment tests and selecting the successful applicants for the training programs.  In addition, project coordinators, being senior faculty members in their respective universities, were able to provide job opportunities to some of the distinguished trainees.
Salomon Juan Marcos Issa (born July 5, 1948 in Torreón, Coahuila) is a Mexican politician. Currently is federal congressman in the  LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress. Also has been municipal president of Torreón in Coahuila during 2000 to 2002.
Großderschau is a municipality in the Havelland district, in Brandenburg, Germany. The Dosse river runs past the town.
Julio Álamos Mumbrú (born 3 February 1991) is a Chilean professional boxer who has held the WBA Fedelatin super middleweight title since 2018. As of May 2020, he is ranked as the world's tenth-best active super middleweight by the WBA.

Jamel Brinkley is an American writer. His debut story collection, A Lucky Man (2018), was the winner of the PEN Oakland Josephine Miles Award and the Ernest J. Gaines Award for Literary Excellence. It was also a finalist for the National Book Award, The Story Prize, the John Leonard Award, the Hurston/Wright Legacy Award, and the PEN/Robert W. Bingham Prize.[1] He currently teaches fiction at the Iowa Writers' Workshop.[2][3]
Thomas Johansson (born 1966) is a retired Swedish footballer. Johansson made 12 Allsvenskan appearances for Djurgården and scored 0 goals.[1]
Asses Ears is a summit in Northwest Arctic Borough, Alaska, in the United States. It has an elevation of 1,824 feet (556 m).[1]
Michael O'Connor (1856–1925) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Minkowice Oławskie [miŋkɔˈvit͡sɛ ɔˈwafskʲɛ] (German: Minken) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Jelcz-Laskowice, within Oława County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] Prior to 1945 it was in Germany. It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Jelcz-Laskowice, 15 km (9 mi) north-east of Oława, and 33 km (21 mi) east of the regional capital Wrocław.
The Argus  is a student funded newspaper, produced and distributed weekly for the students of Lakehead University, in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada. With a weekly distribution of 3,000 copies, it is printed on Mondays during the months of September through November and January through March.  Issues are available for free throughout the University, and at various locations throughout the city.  Every week The Argus strives to cover stories that pertain to students, both on the local and international level.
Wojciech Łuczak (born 28 July 1989) is a Polish professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Radunia Stężyca.
Frederick Thomas Beck (November 17, 1886 – March 12, 1962) was a baseball player in the major leagues from 1909 to 1911 with the Boston Doves, Cincinnati Reds, and Philadelphia Phillies. In 1914 and 1915, he played for the Chicago Whales of the Federal League. In one season (1910), Beck tied two other players for the league lead in home runs. Beck played minor-league baseball for many years, missing one season due to service in World War I. He retired from professional baseball after the 1926 season.
Jane Rendell (born Dubai, UAE in 1967) is an architectural historian, cultural critic and art writer. She has taught at Chelsea College of Art and Design, Winchester School of Art, and the University of Nottingham. She has been based at the Bartlett School of Architecture at UCL since 2000, where she has been Professor of Architecture and Art since 2008, teaching primarily across the Situated Practice, Architectural History and PhD programmes.[1] She was Director of Architectural Research (2004–10) and Vice Dean Research (2010-3). She is currently Director of Architectural History and Theory and leads the Bartlett’s Ethics Commission.[2]
Catching the Sun is the third album by the American jazz group Spyro Gyra, released in 1980 on MCA Records. The album was given gold status by the RIAA on June 5, 1985.[2]
Sri Lanka first competed at the Asian Games in 1951. Sri Lanka has won 46 medals across it participation at the Asian Games.[1]
Mai Therese Shanley (born February 17, 1963) is an American model and beauty pageant titleholder who won Miss New Mexico 1983, Miss New Mexico USA 1984 and Miss USA 1984.
Peramola is a municipality in the comarca of the Alt Urgell in Catalonia, Spain.
 Saccular acoustic sensitivity  is a measurement of the ear's affectability to sound. The saccule's normal function is to keep the body balanced, but it is believed to have some hearing function for special frequencies and tones. Saccular acoustic sensitivity is considered to be simply an extension of the sense of hearing through the use of the saccule.
Puchner is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 
Peter Orner is an American writer. He is the author of two novels, two story collections and a book of essays. Orner holds the Professorship of English and Creative Writing at Dartmouth College[1] and was formerly a professor of creative writing at San Francisco State University. He spent 2016 and 2017 on a Fulbright in Namibia[2] teaching at the University of Namibia.
Urpay District is one of thirteen districts of the province Pataz in Peru.[1]
WRRM (98.5 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station in Cincinnati, Ohio. The station is owned by Cumulus Media, broadcasting an adult contemporary radio format.  For much of November and December, it switches to Christmas music.  The studios and offices are located on Montgomery Road in North Cincinnati.
The Oregon Country Fair (OCF) is a nonprofit organization and an annual three-day art and music fair held outside the city limits of Veneta, Oregon, United States. Located in the Willamette Valley, the site is about 13 miles (21 km) west of Eugene along the Long Tom River near the unincorporated community of Elmira. Annual attendance is approximately 35,000,[1] and the fair has around 960 craft and food booths each year.[2] The event is known as an outgrowth of the counter-culture movement and for using environmentally-friendly practices during the fair.[2][3]
The Chatham Granite Club is a historic 5-sheet curling club in Chatham, Ontario, Canada. It is located in downtown Chatham on William Street North.
Deputy assistant commissioner (DAC), formally Deputy Assistant Commissioner of Police of the Metropolis, is a rank in London's Metropolitan Police Service between assistant commissioner and commander. It is equivalent to deputy chief constable in other British police forces and wears the same insignia: a pip above crossed tipstaves within a wreath.
Harrison Grover Fagg (born October 27, 1931) is an American architect and politician in Montana, U.S.. Fagg is a former Republican member of Montana House of Representatives from 1968 to 1984. He was the majority leader in 1981.[1] An architect, he attended Montana State University and the University of Oregon.[2]
Montgomery Bell Academy (MBA) is a preparatory day school for boys in grades 7 through 12 in Nashville, Tennessee. The school is located in the Whitland Area Neighborhood.[1]
Senator of Milan or Senator of Settala (Italian: Senatore di Settala) was Bishop of Milan from 472 to 475. He is honoured as a saint in the Eastern Orthodox Church and Catholic Church and his feast day is 28 May.
Robert M. Boche  (February 21, 1921 - November 25, 2004)[1]  was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.

John of Carleton[1] was the Dean[2] of Wells[3] between 1351 and 1360.[4]
Non-A-E hepatitis, also known as hepatitis X, is an infectious disease of the liver referring to a case of viral hepatitis that cannot be attributed to hepatitis A, B, C, D, or E. The disease involves swelling and inflammation of the liver. Symptoms of non-A-E hepatitis may include tiredness, nausea, vomiting, abdomen pain, and a fever. The specific cause of non-A-E hepatitis is unknown.[1] It is considered a rare disorder.[2]
Educating Esmé: Diary of a First Year Teacher is a book written by children's literature specialist and then elementary school teacher Esmé Raji Codell.[1]  The book, presented in diary format,[1] presents Esmé's first year teaching in an inner-city public school in Chicago; her joys, trials and experiences. The book was originally published in 1999.
Song to Fly is the debut studio album by Yoko Kanno.  It was released January 1, 1998. All music was written by Yoko Kanno.
The Brownstone Lane murders were the mass murders of four people at a residence on Brownstone Lane in Houston, Texas. On June 20, 1992, three men tied up six people and shot all of them in the head execution-style. Four of the six victims died. The perpetrators: Marion Butler Dudley (May 13, 1972 – January 25, 2006),[1] Arthur "Squirt" Brown Jr. (August 14, 1970 – March 9, 2023),[2] and Antonio "Tony" Lamone Dunson (born November 7, 1972)[3] were convicted of capital murder. Dudley and Brown were sentenced to death, while Dunson was sentenced to life in prison.[4]
Billboard Top Country & Western Records of 1952 is made up of two year-end charts compiled by Billboard magazine ranking the year's top country and western records based on record sales and juke box plays.[1]
Emma Abbott Ridgway (1903 – 1981) was an American politician who served as a member of the Washington House of Representatives for five terms, from 1945 to 1947 and from 1949 to 1957.  She represented Washington's 40th legislative district as a Democrat.[3][1]  She served on a number of legislative committees over her five terms, chairing the educational institutions committee in the 1945 term.  In party leadership, she was vice chair of the state Democratic Central Committee from 1936 to 1946, state chair of the Democratic Women's Division, and served as a delegate to the Democratic National Conventions of 1944 and 1948.[1]
Association of Christian Colleges and Theological Schools, ACCTS, is a Christian theological "approval" board that is not recognized as an educational accreditor by the United States Department of Education (USDE). It is located in the state of Louisiana.[1] Gary Wilson is the current president.
Włostowa [vwɔsˈtɔva] (German: Floste) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Korfantów, within Nysa County, Opole Voivodeship, in South-Western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) east of Korfantów, 22 km (14 mi) east of Nysa, and 29 km (18 mi) south-west of the regional capital Opole.
The 1981 Atlantic Coast Conference baseball tournament was held in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, from April 22nd through April 26th. Clemson won the tournament and earned the Atlantic Coast Conference's automatic bid to the 1981 NCAA Division I baseball tournament.
Droppin' Bombs (also titled as Droppin' Bombs: The Definitive Trouble Funk)[1] is a double-compilation album released on August 25, 1998[1] by the Washington, D.C.-based go-go band Trouble Funk.[5][6][7]
The Pilgrim Lady is a 1947 American comedy crime film directed by Lesley Selander and starring Lynne Roberts, Warren Douglas and Alan Mowbray.[1]
Frederick O. Prince
Democratic
Yong-joon, also spelled Yong-jun, is a Korean masculine given name.[1] There are 24 hanja with the reading "yong" and 34 hanja with the reading "joon" on the South Korean government's official list of hanja which may be used in given names.[2] Additionally, names written with the character for "dragon" (龍) may be spelled as Ryong-jun or Ryong-joon, particularly in North Korea.
Malik Harrison (born March 5, 1998) is an American football inside linebacker for the Baltimore Ravens of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ohio State and was drafted by the Ravens in the third round of the 2020 NFL Draft.
Sous lieutenant René Paul Louis Dousinelle was a French World War I flying ace credited with nine confirmed and three unconfirmed aerial victories.
San Bartolomeo (St Bartholemew) is a baroque-style, Roman Catholic church located on Strada del Gesù in Castellammare di Stabia, in the metropolitan city of Naples, region of Campania, Italy. 
The Chinese Music Awards (Chinese: 华语金曲奖) is a music awards founded in 2008 to recognize outstanding achievement in the Chinese music industry.[1]
Võnnu Parish was a rural municipality in Tartu County, Estonia.
100,000 Pounds (Greek: Εκατό χιλιάδες λίρες, romanized: Ekato hiliades lires) is a 1948 Greek film directed by Alekos Leivaditis and starring Mimis Fotopoulos, Dinos Iliopoulos and Kaiti Panou. The film was produced by Mer Film.
Don't Go Near the Water is the debut studio album by American country music artist Sammy Kershaw. Released in 1991 on Mercury Records, the album produced four singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts: "Cadillac Style", the title track, "Yard Sale", and "Anywhere but Here", which peaked at numbers 3, 12, 17, and 10, respectively. Also included is "What Am I Worth", a song previously recorded by George Jones on his 1957 debut Grand Ole Opry's New Star. Jones's style has been cited as one of Kershaw's primary influences.[1] Don't Go Near the Water is certified platinum in the United States.
Lake Mina is a lake in Douglas County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.[1]
Founder's Hall, also known as Haskell Hall, is a historic academic building on the campus of Atlantic Union College in Lancaster, Massachusetts, United States. Built in 1883, it is the oldest educational building constructed for a Seventh-day Adventist school. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
“Sean South of Garryowen” is a song about Seán South, (written by Seán Costelloe) a member of the Pearse Column of the Irish Republican Army, who was fatally wounded during the attack on Brookeborough barracks in 1957. It is sung to the same tune as “Roddy McCorley".[1] The words were first published in the Irish Catholic, the Irish weekly Roman Catholic newspaper, within a week of South's death.[2]
Israel is a nation that has competed at the Hopman Cup tournament on one occasion, at the 5th annual staging of the tournament in 1993, when they lost to France in the first round.[1]

Robert Hare (died 1611) was an English official, antiquary, politician and benefactor of the University of Cambridge.

June D'Rozario (born 16 June 1949[citation needed]) is an Australian urban planner and former politician.
Giuseppe Lombrassa (June 20, 1906-September 26, 1966) was an Italian Fascist politician and soldier, State Undersecretary for Corporations in 1942–1943, and High Commissioner for the Province of Ljubljana from June to August 1943.
Fischbach Castle (Luxembourgish: Schlass Fëschbech, French: Château de Fischbach,  German: Schloss Fischbach) is a castle in Luxembourg.  It is situated near the town of Fischbach, in central Luxembourg.[1]
The Revolutionary Anarchist Front (Spanish: Frente Anarquista Revolucionario, FAR) was an urban guerrilla group that was active in the Santiago Metropolitan Area, responsible for various sabotage, arson and explosive attacks. The group gained media attention for the attacks it carried out and was awarded.[1]
The Henry L. Alder Award for Distinguished Teaching is a national award established in 2003 by the Mathematical Association of America. The award is presented to beginning college or university mathematics faculty members to recognize success and effectiveness in undergraduate mathematics education, as well as an impact that extends beyond the faculty member's own classroom.[1] Up to three college or university teachers are recognized each year, receiving a $1,000 award and a certificate of recognition from the MAA.[2]
Essen-Gerschede is a railway station in Essen, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The station is located on the Essen–Bottrop railway and is served by S-Bahn services operated by DB Regio.
The 2022 FIM Sidecarcross World Championship was the 42nd edition of the competition.[1]
McAughtrie is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
EU Member State(Eurozone Member State)(Schengen Area Member State)NATO Member StateCouncil of Europe Member StateOECD Member State
Mackay Estate Water Tower is a historic water tower located in the Incorporated Village of East Hills in Nassau County, on Long Island, in New York, United States. The tower was originally a component of Clarence Mackay's Harbor Hill Estate.[2]
Jessica McHugh is an American author of speculative fiction,[1] member of the Maryland Writers Association, and an affiliate member of the Horror Writers Association. A prolific writer, she has had eighteen books published by small presses in seven years. Her first play "Fool call it Fate: a story of sex, coincidence, and an electronic cigarette", produced at  The Mobtown Theater, was chosen as the Best New Play of 2011 by Baltimore Broadway World.[2]
The Battle of Gvozd Mountain took place in 1097 and was fought between the army of Petar Snačić[3][4] and King Coloman I of Hungary. It was a decisive Hungarian victory, which ended the War of the Croatian Succession and served as a turning point in Croatian history.
Sadashiva "Sadu" Karnik is an Indian-born American molecular biologist who is a Professor in the Molecular Medicine Department of Cleveland Clinic Lerner College of Medicine at Case Western Reserve University. He is also head of the Karnik-lab at the Lerner Research Institute of Cleveland Clinic.[1]
55°05′42″N 6°45′47″W﻿ / ﻿55.095°N 6.763°W﻿ / 55.095; -6.763
Yuki Ikeya (池谷 友喜, Ikeya Yūki, born June 27, 1995) is a Japanese football player.[1]
Pyshka or ponchik (Russian: пышка, pl. pyshki пышки; пончик, pl. ponchiki пончики) is a Russian variety of doughnut.
Veitvet is a station on Grorud Line (Line 5) on the Oslo Metro. It is located at Veitvet between Linderud and Rødtvet, 8.4 kilometers (5.2 mi) from Stortinget. It was opened on 16 October 1966. Like much of the eastern subway network, the station is located in a largely residential area with apartment buildings. The station is located just north of the Veitvet Shopping Centre.
He's a Dragon or He is Dragon (Russian: Он – дракон, romanized: On – drakón), also in English territories titled as I Am Dragon, and in Germany Dragon: Love is a Scary Tale, is a 2015 Russian 3D romantic fantasy adventure film written and directed by Indar Dzhendubaev and produced by Timur Bekmambetov's company Bazelevs. The two main roles are played by Maria Poezzhaeva and Matvey Lykov.[1][2] The film is loosely based on Marina and Sergey Dyachenko's 1996 fantasy novel The Ritual.
Danforth Emmit Ainsworth (November 29, 1848 – October 25, 1927) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Joan Elise Robinson Acker[1] (March 18, 1924 – June 22, 2016) was an American sociologist, researcher, writer and educator. She joined the University of Oregon faculty in 1967.[2] Acker is considered one of the leading analysts regarding gender and class within the second wave of feminism.[3]
Leonel Maciel (born March 21, 1939) is a Mexican artist, member of the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana, from the coast of the state of Guerrero. Although from a rural area and farming family, he studied art at the Escuela Nacional de Pintura, Escultura y Grabado "La Esmeralda" and has traveled extensively in Europe and Asia, which has influenced his work.  His art has changed styles from generally contains multiple elements and saturated colors.
Frank Henry Schwarz (21 June 1894 – 5 September 1951) was an American painter and muralist.
William T. Rowe (b. Brooklyn, New York, 24 July 1947) is an historian of China, and John and Diane Cooke Professor of Chinese History, Department of History, Johns Hopkins University. He considers himself a social historian of modern China, with both "social" and "modern" very broadly conceived, and works on every century from the 14th to the 20th.[1]
The Advanced Tactical Laser (ATL) program was a US military program to mount a high energy laser weapon on an aircraft, initially the AC-130 gunship, for use against ground targets in urban or other areas where minimizing collateral damage is important.  The laser was a 100 kilowatt-class chemical oxygen iodine laser (COIL).  It was expected to have a tactical range of approximately twenty kilometres  and weigh about 5,000–7,000 kg. This program is distinct from the Airborne Laser, which was a much larger system designed to destroy enemy missiles in the boost phase.
The Noble County Courthouse is located in Caldwell, Ohio. The building was constructed in 1933-1934 and designed by Charles J. Marr. The building was constructed with red brick manufactured at nearby Ava, Ohio to control costs of construction. The windows are flat rectangular panels with either an arch pediment and decorative natural stone keystones or a slanted pediment. The building may be entered by a few stairs leading to a small recessed porch with archway openings. The Noble County Courthouse is currently the largest building in Caldwell.
Pafuramidine (formulated as the maleic acid salt pafuramidine maleate) is an experimental drug for the treatment of pneumocystis pneumonia (PCP).  In 2006, pafuramidine was given orphan drug status by the US Food and Drug Administration for PCP in patients with HIV/AIDS.[1]  Preliminary clinical trials indicated that pafuramide was effective against pneumocystis pneumonia and had the potential for fewer side effects than the standard treatment with trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole (TMP-SMX).[2]
Buch is a municipality in the district of Bregenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
Martin Veyron (born 27 March 1950 in Dax, Landes, France) is a French comic book author and novelist, best known for his graphic novels and editorial cartoons. His style combines disenchanted vaudeville and scathing studies of mores in the manner of Gérard Lauzier.
Wilfird Francis Doyle (first name often spelled Wilfred)[1][2] (November 13, 1897 – January 16, 1988) was a politician in the state of Michigan.
Dayton:      40–50%      50–60%      60–70%
Hiland J. Spaulding (October 16, 1841 – December 26, 1927) was an American politician and businessman.
Windowing is a process where an index-limited sequence has its maximum energy concentrated in a finite frequency interval. This can be extended to an N-dimension where the N-D window has the limited support and maximum concentration of energy in a separable or non-separable N-D passband. The design of an N-dimensional window particularly a 2-D window finds applications in various fields such as spectral estimation of multidimensional signals, design of circularly symmetric and quadrantally symmetric non-recursive 2D filters,[1] design of optimal convolution functions, image enhancement so as to reduce the effects of data-dependent processing artifacts, optical apodization and antenna array design.[2]
Ali Salman is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018.

John Judge (died October 1916) was a British trade unionist, who was prominent in the Leeds labour movement, and briefly served as president of his union.
Yahoo! Smart TV (formerly Yahoo! Connected TV) was a Smart TV platform developed by Yahoo! based upon the Yahoo! Desktop Widgets (Konfabulator) platform. Yahoo! Connected TV announced on August 20, 2008 at the Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco as the Widget Channel,[1] it integrated the Yahoo! Widgets Engine with a new television oriented user interface to enable Internet connected applications to run and display on a 10-foot user interface. The platform was slowly being abandoned by its manufacturers, and was eventually deprecated. New apps that were based on Konfabulator stopped being added effective March 30, 2018, but existing apps can still be updated and installed, and HTML5 based apps are not affected by this.[2]
Roosevelt Park is a city in Muskegon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 3,831 at the 2010 census.
Ninja Hero is a supplement for Hero System, published by Hero Games.
99¢ is the third studio album by American musician and singer Santigold, released on February 26, 2016 on Atlantic Records.
Moraida is a census-designated place (CDP) in Starr County, Texas, United States. It is a new CDP formed from part of the North Escobares CDP prior to the 2010 census with a population of 212.[1]
Deified leaders:
The Jänijõgi (Estonian: Jänijõgi Jäneda jõgi) is a river in the Kõrvemaa region of Estonia. It is a right tributary of the Jägala River [Wikidata].[1]
Springfield (1873–1898) was a successful English Thoroughbred racehorse that won 14 consecutive races and was a useful sire of the late 19th century. He was the grandsire of two English Triple Crown winners: Galtee More, who was exported to Russia, and later Germany and Rock Sand, who was exported to the U.S. and in turn was the grandsire of Man o' War, widely considered one of the greatest racehorses of all time.
Yùn (simplified Chinese: 恽; traditional Chinese: 惲) is a Chinese surname. It is not in the top 400 most common surnames in China, nor was it included in the Hundred Family Surnames poem.

Dame Janet Gwennett Bostwick DBE (née Musgrove; born 30 October 1939) is a Bahamian lawyer and politician. She entered politics in 1977 with an appointment to the Senate. She was the first woman to serve as acting Prime Minister, first woman Attorney General and the first woman Member of Parliament in the Bahamas.
X-ray spectroscopy is a general term for several spectroscopic techniques for characterization of materials by using x-ray radiation.[1]
Cantillon is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Nick Jr. is a children's television channel dedicated to preschool children. It started its transmission in Portugal on November 2, 2017. The channel was available exclusively on NOS,[1] until April 4, 2023 when it was also launched on MEO.[2]
Azurite Peak is an 8,400-foot (2,600-metre) double-summit mountain located at the common boundary point of Okanogan County, Skagit County, and Whatcom County in Washington state. It is part of the Okanogan Range which is a sub-range of the North Cascades Range.[1] Azurite Peak is situated north of Azurite Pass on land administered by the Okanogan–Wenatchee National Forest. The nearest higher neighbor is Tower Mountain, 5.24 miles (8.43 km) to the south-southeast, and Mount Ballard lies 1.97 miles (3.17 km) to the north.[1] Remnants of a small pocket glacier are found on the east aspect. The Pacific Crest Trail traverses the base of Azurite Peak.
Charlotte is a 13-episode 2015 anime television series produced by P.A. Works and Aniplex and directed by Yoshiyuki Asai. The story was originally conceived by Jun Maeda, who also wrote the screenplay and composed the music with Hikarishuyo and the group Anant-Garde Eyes; Na-Ga provided the original character design. Both Maeda and Na-Ga are from the visual novel brand Key. The discography of Charlotte consists of two studio albums, three singles and one soundtrack.
Mankovice (German: Mankendorf) is a municipality and village in Nový Jičín District in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 600 inhabitants.
Warren Batchelder (April 18, 1917 – February 12, 2007) was an animator on many Warner Bros. and DePatie-Freleng cartoons. He also worked as animation director on the Dungeons and Dragons cartoon show., He also did the animation for the Peanuts TV Special in 1976 It's Arbor Day, Charlie Brown and he also did the animation for the Peanuts Movie in 1977 Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown, although he was uncredited.
The Azad Jammu & Kashmir Bar Council, also known as AJK Bar Council, is a statutory & deliberative assembly of lawyers in Azad Kashmir for safeguarding the rights, interests and privileges of practicing lawyers, within Azad Kashmir. 
HD 156668 b is an extrasolar planet orbiting the star HD 156668 78.5 light-years away in the constellation Hercules. It has a minimum mass of 3.1 Earth masses. At the time of discovery it was the second least massive planet discovered by the radial velocity method after Gliese 581 e, subject to the mass/inclination degeneracy that affects radial velocity measurements.[3] In addition to this, it has the lowest semi-amplitude, or the speed of the stellar wobble caused by planet's gravity tugging on the star determined by radial velocity, at 2.2 m/s.[3] This planet was discovered on January 6, 2010; it is the 8th planet discovered in 2010 after the first five planets detected by Kepler on January 4 and two planets around HD 9446 on January 5.
Simone Margareta Koot (born 12 November 1980 in Utrecht) is a water polo player of the Netherlands who represents the Dutch national team in international competitions.[1]
Diego de la Calzada was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Auxiliary Bishop of Toledo (1578–1589?).[1][2][3]
Li Yiyi (Chinese: 李依依; born 10 October 1933) is a Chinese metallurgist and materials engineer. She served as President of the Institute of Metal Research of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) from 1990 to 1998. She is an academician of the CAS and The World Academy of Sciences (TWAS).
Jack Britt (Fayetteville, NC)The eating clubs at Princeton University are private institutions resembling both dining halls and social houses, where the majority of Princeton upperclassmen eat their meals.[1] Each eating club occupies a large mansion on Prospect Avenue, one of the main roads that runs through the Princeton campus, with the exception of Terrace Club which is just around the corner on Washington Road.  This area is known to students colloquially as "The Street". Princeton's eating clubs are the primary setting in F. Scott Fitzgerald's 1920 debut novel, This Side of Paradise, and the clubs appeared prominently in the 2004 novel The Rule of Four.
Hell Symphony is the second full-length album by Czech black metal band Root. It was originally released in 1991.
Olufemi Adebisi Bamiro (born 16 September 1947) is a Nigerian professor of mechanical engineering and former vice-chancellor of the University of Ibadan.[3][4][5][6]
Makioka (牧丘町, Makioka-chō) was a town located in Higashiyamanashi District, Yamanashi Prefecture, Japan.[1] As of 2003, the town had an estimated population of 5,797 and a density of 56.92 persons per km². The total area was 101.85 km².
Davis Slough is a waterway on the Puget Sound in the state of Washington. The slough runs between Camano and Leque islands, connecting Skagit Bay in the north to Port Susan in the south.[1]
Carl von Liebermeister (2 February 1833 – 24 December 1901) was a German internist who was a native of Ronsdorf. 
Padangkelapa is a village in the Batang Hari Regency in the Jambi Province of Sumatra, Indonesia.
Gourgeon (French pronunciation: ​[ɡuʁʒɔ̃]) is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.
The Battle of Sybota (Ancient Greek: Σύβοτα) took place in 433 BC between Corcyra (modern Corfu) and Corinth. It was one of the immediate catalysts for the Peloponnesian War.
In microbiology, efflux is the moving of a variety of different compounds out of cells, such as antibiotics, heavy metals, organic pollutants, plant-produced compounds, quorum sensing signals, bacterial metabolites and neurotransmitters. All microorganisms, with a few exceptions, have highly conserved DNA sequences in their genome that encode efflux pumps. Efflux pumps actively move substances out of a microorganism, in a process known as active efflux, which is a vital part of xenobiotic metabolism. This active efflux mechanism is responsible for various types of resistance to bacterial pathogens within bacterial species - the most concerning being antibiotic resistance because microorganisms can have adapted efflux pumps to divert toxins out of the cytoplasm and into extracellular media.[1]
Lawena is a valley area in southern Liechtenstein, located in the municipality of Triesen.[1] The Lawena Power Station is the oldest hydropower station in Liechtenstein.[2] There is also an Electricity Museum there.[3] The Alp Lawena is located in a basin-like high valley at around 1,500 meters above sea level. The alp is framed by the mighty Falknis, the Mittagsspitz and the Rappenstein and is a good starting point for hikes. The alp can be reached from Triesen in about 2-3 hours.[4]
The fourth season of Bake Off Brasil premiered on August 11, 2018 at 10:30 p.m. on SBT.
On 1 December 2015, a bombing occurred on the Istanbul Metro, Turkey.[1][2][3][4] An explosion caused by a pipe bomb occurred at around 17:15 near Bayrampaşa—Maltepe station in Bayrampaşa, Istanbul, injuring five people.[5]
Marville-Moutiers-Brûlé (French pronunciation: ​[maʁvil mutje bʁyle]) is a commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France.
Paac Ciinak is a census-designated place (CDP) in Shawano County, Wisconsin, United States. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 83.[2] On older federal topographic maps, the community is shown as Potch-Chee-Nunk or Potch Che Nunk.[3]
First-wave feminism was a period of feminist activity and thought that occurred during the 19th and early 20th century throughout the Western world. It focused on legal issues, primarily on securing women's right to vote. The term is often used synonymously with the kind of feminism espoused by the liberal women's rights movement with roots in the first wave, with organizations such as the International Alliance of Women and its affiliates. This feminist movement still focuses on equality from a mainly legal perspective.[1]
Indang also called Dindin badindin is a traditional Minangkabau Islamic dance originating from West Sumatra, Indonesia. Indang dance grows and develops in the Minangkabau community as a portrayal of the arrival of Islam in West Sumatra in the 13th century.
Emma Treiberg (born 19 November 2000) is an Estonian footballer who plays as a forward for Tallinna Kalev and the Estonia women's national team.[3]
Mul Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of Western Highlands Province, Papua New Guinea.[1][2]
Lazier Partners Racing was an American racing team in the IndyCar Series. The team was owned by former driver Bob Lazier, father of Buddy Lazier and Jaques Lazier, along with Corbet Krause, Chris Nielsen, Jason Peters, and others.[1][2][3]
Enkenbach-Alsenborn is a municipality in the district of Kaiserslautern, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It is situated on the northern edge of the Palatinate forest, approx. 10 km north-east of Kaiserslautern. Enkenbach-Alsenborn is also the seat of the Verbandsgemeinde ("collective municipality"), also named Enkenbach-Alsenborn.
"Unconditional" was the third single by American rock band the Bravery from their self-titled debut album (2005). It was released in the United Kingdom on 29 August 2005 and charted at number 49 on the UK Singles Chart.
Gelalak (Persian: گلالك, also Romanized as Gelālak)[1] is a village in Chelo Rural District, Chelo District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 184, in 25 families.[2]
Qingxiu District (simplified Chinese: 青秀区; traditional Chinese: 青秀區; pinyin: Qīngxiù Qū; Jyutping: cing1 sau3 keoi1; Standard Zhuang: Cinghsiu Gih) is the county seat and one of 7 districts of the prefecture-level city of Nanning, the capital of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, South China. It is Xincheng District (新城区) approved to rename to the present name by the Chinese State Council on September 15, 2004.[5]
Ilpenstein Castle (dutch: Ilpenstein, Huis te Ilpendam, Hof te Ilpendam) was a castle of the Free and high Lordship of Purmerend, Purmerland and Ilpendam, located in Ilpendam (Waterland) in the north of the city of Amsterdam.
Eva Karin Nyberg (born 8 February 1969 in Funbo, Uppsala) is a former Swedish Olympic freestyle swimmer. She competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics and in the 1992 Summer Olympics. Her best individual result is 19th place in the 100 m freestyle in 1992. She also swum a final with the 1992 4×100 m freestyle relay team finishing 7th.
Gradescope (stylized as gradescope) is an American ed-tech company that offers online and AI-assisted grading tools for higher education. Founded in 2014, the company is headquartered in Berkeley, California. The company's grading software offers tools for grading written exams, homework assignments, and auto-grading submitted code.[1] As of the 2020 school year Gradescope boasted over "25,000 educators" used their product.[2]
Aiguo Subdistrict (Chinese: 爱国街道; pinyin: Àiguó Jiēdào)  is a township-level division situated in Xiashan District of Zhanjiang, Guangdong, China.[1] As of 2020[update], it administers Techeng Village (特呈村) and the following five residential neighborhoods:[2]


Three State Finance Commission reports, with recommendations for enhancing the financial health of the local governments were submitted and acted upon in Kerala with practically every recommendation being adopted, as per the provisions of the 73rd and 74th Constitutional Amendments made in 1993. Each State Finance Commission in Kerala has been a path-breaker[1]
Kartchner Caverns State Park is a state park of Arizona, United States, featuring a show cave with 2.4 miles (3.9 km) of passages.[1]  The park is located 9 miles (14 km) south of the town of Benson and west of the north-flowing San Pedro River. Long hidden from view, the caverns were discovered in 1974 by local cavers, assisted by state biologist Erick Campbell who helped in its preservation.
"Natchez" is an American television play broadcast live on May 29, 1958, as part of the second season of the CBS television series Playhouse 90. Martin M. Goldsmith wrote the teleplay based on a story by E.A. Ellington. David Lowell Rich directed. Cliff Robertson, Macdonald Carey, and Thomas Mitchell starred.
Richard Glenn Fifer Carles (born January 23, 1957)[1] is a Panamanian businessman and former politician. He is called the "Father of modern mining in Panama" by Boletín El Minero .[2]

South Coast, an electoral district of the Legislative Assembly in the Australian state of New South Wales, was created in 1927.[1][2][3][4]
Abedin is a crater on Mercury. It was named after the Bangladeshi artist Zainul Abedin by the IAU in 2009.[1]

This is a list of Thor's rogues gallery.
Julius Beer (November 28, 1843 – January 12, 1927[1]) was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.
Zdeněk Valnoha (born 8 May 1973) is a Czech football midfielder. He made over 200 appearances in the Gambrinus liga.[1] He also played in the top leagues in Slovakia and Cyprus. Valnoha played international football at under-21 level for Czech Republic U21.
The 1976 Virginia Slims of Houston  was a women's tennis tournament played on indoor carpet courts at the Astro Arena in Houston, Texas in the United States that was part of the 1976 Virginia Slims World Championship Series. It was the sixth edition of the tournament and was held from January 12 through January 18, 1976.[1] Second-seeded Martina Navratilova won the singles title and earned $15,000 first-prize money.[2]
Friedrich Maria Urban (born Friedrich Johann Victor Urban, 28 December 1878, Brünn, Austro-Hungarian Empire – 4 May 1964, Paris) was a psychologist from the Austro-Hungarian Empire, known for the introduction of probability weightings used in experimental psychology.[1][2][3]
The Soldier String Quartet was a string quartet, founded in 1984 by composer and violinist Dave Soldier, that specialized in performing a fusion of classical and popular music.[1] The quartet proved a training ground for many subsequent experimental classical groups and performers, including violinists Regina Carter and Todd Reynolds, and performed at venues ranging from the classic punk rock club CBGBs[2] to Carnegie Hall and the Lincoln Center.[3][4]
The Ayaks (Russian: АЯКС, meaning also Ajax) is a hypersonic waverider aircraft program started in the Soviet Union and currently under development by the  Hypersonic Systems Research Institute (HSRI) of Leninets Holding Company in Saint Petersburg, Russia.[1][2][3]
Artyom Olegovich Mikheyev (Russian: Артём Олегович Михеев; born 28 October 1987) is a Russian former footballer.
Justin Hoogma (born 11 June 1998) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Heracles Almelo.
Durant Motors Inc. was established in 1921 by former General Motors CEO William "Billy" Durant following his termination by the GM board of directors and the New York bankers who financed GM.[1]
Play (stylized as >play) is a Canadian news magazine series, focusing on pop culture and entertainment, which aired on CBC Newsworld between 2002 and 2005. The show was hosted by Jian Ghomeshi,[1] a former member of pop group Moxy Früvous. The show initially aired weekly. Then themed episodes aired once every several weeks. However, the show was cancelled due to poor ratings.
Safi Khuni (Persian: صفي خوني, also Romanized as Şafī Khūnī) is a village in Howmeh-ye Sharqi Rural District, in the Central District of Ramhormoz County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 62, in 14 families.[1]
Thomas Joseph Sugrue (1907–1953) was an American writer. He is best known today as the writer of There Is a River, the only biography of Edgar Cayce written during Cayce’s lifetime and the book that made the psychic a household name in 1942. He also lent his writing talents to the Edgar Cayce Association for Research and Enlightenment for numerous articles and news items.
Mexicana Universal Chiapas is a pageant in Chiapas, Mexico, that selects that state's representative for the national Mexicana Universal pageant.
State of emergency in Russia (Russian: чрезвычайное положение в Российской Федерации) is a special legal regime that is introduced in the country or its individual regions to protect against an internal threat. The state of emergency involves restricting the rights and freedoms of citizens and legal entities, as well as imposing additional duties on them. In this case, the state of emergency, which is introduced in the case of violent unrest or clash, coup attempt, natural disaster or man-made disaster, should be distinguished from the martial law regime that is introduced in the event of external aggression.
The arithmometer (French: arithmomètre) was the first digital mechanical calculator strong enough and reliable enough to be used daily in an office environment.  This calculator could add and subtract two numbers directly and could perform long multiplications and divisions effectively by using a movable accumulator for the result.
"It Just Comes Natural" is a song written by Marv Green and Jim Collins, and recorded by American country music singer George Strait.  It was released in October 2006 as the second single and title track from Strait's album It Just Comes Natural.  The song reached the top of the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart in February 2007.  The single became Strait's 42nd Billboard number-one single.
Barbara Roxana Wezorke (born 12 April 1993 Flörsheim) is a German volleyball player.
The Medium is the student newspaper of the Mississauga branch of the University of Toronto.[1][2] It has been in publication since 1974, when it was founded following the collapse of The Erindalian.[3] It primarily covers UTM news, with occasional forays into University of Toronto tri-campus news and Mississauga news.
Benigno Juan  (born November 20, 1938)[1] is a journalist and a writer.
Election Protection is an American non-partisan coalition of voting rights activists.[1][2] The English language hotline is managed by the Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, a national civil rights organization, and accepts complaints from individuals. The Spanish hotline is managed by  the NALEO Educational Fund.[1] They also offer hotlines in multiple Asian languages, Arabic, ASL, and have a disability rights hotline.[3]
Albières (French pronunciation: [albjɛʁ] (listen); Occitan: Albièras) is a commune in the Aude department in the Occitanie region of southern France.
Antoine Schneck is a French visual-art photographer born in 1963 in Suresnes, France.
The Battle of Togoruba took place on 15 March 1964, and was the first battle of the Eritrean War of Independence which involved the Ethiopian army instead of a Police unit. In the Battle, an Eritrean Liberation Front unit led by Mohamed Ali Idris was able to defeat the Ethiopian Army. The ELF suffered 19 dead, while the Ethiopian Army suffered 84 dead and many wounded.

Bicast leather (also spelled as bi-cast leather or bycast leather) is a material made with a split leather backing covered with an embossed layer of polyurethane or vinyl. Bicast leather was originally made for the apparel industry for glossy shoes, and was later adopted by the furniture industry.[1]
The Knight is a fantasy novel written by American author Gene Wolfe.[1] It depicts the journey of an American boy transported to a magical realm and aged to adulthood who soon thereafter becomes a knight. The first of a two-part tale known collectively as The Wizard Knight is told in an epistolary style, and contains elements from Norse, Arthurian, and Christian Mythology. It received a nomination for the Nebula Award in 2005.
Artyom Sergeyevich Sobol (Russian: Артём Сергеевич Соболь; born 4 July 1996) is a Russian former football player.
Qahramanlu (Persian: قهرامانلو, also Romanized as Qahramānlū)[1] is a village in Ojarud-e Markazi Rural District, in the Central District of Germi County, Ardabil Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 191, in 33 families.[2]
The University of California, Irvine Arboretum (UCI Arboretum or UC Irvine Arboretum) is a 12.5 acres (5.1 ha) botanical garden and arboretum, part of the University of California, Irvine in Irvine, California.[1] It is located north of the main UCI campus, on Campus Drive in Irvine,[2]  near the San Joaquin Wildlife Sanctuary and the Upper Newport Bay.[3] The Arboretum carries out conservation activities and supports student and faculty research.[1]
The Klimov VK-3 was the first Soviet afterburning bypass turbojet engine. Designed by S V Lyunevich at Klimov, at OKB-117 in 1949, this engine first ran in 1952, and was qualified at 5,730 kg (12,632 lb) thrust (dry) and 8,440 kg (18,607 lb) thrust (with afterburner) in 1954. The VK-3 was developed for the Mikoyan-Gurevich I-3 (I-380) and I-3U/I-5 (I-410) fighters.  First flown in the I-3U in July 1956, the engine's performances was good but its reliability was poor. Even after modifications in December 1956 when newly designed compressor blades were installed, developmental problems continued, the program was ultimately canceled in January 1958. The engine was superseded by the Lyulka AL-7F, a less modern but more efficient engine.[1]
Est (stylized as est; Thai: เอส) Cola is a cola soft drink from Thailand, manufactured by Sermsuk Public Company Limited. It was launched on 2 November 2012.[1] It was created following the termination of the company's contract with PepsiCo, for whom it had bottled and distributed Pepsi in Thailand since 1952.[2]
Charles Albert II, Prince of Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst (21 February 1742 – 14 June 1796) was the 3rd Prince of Hohenlohe-Waldenburg-Schillingsfürst from 1793 to 1796.
A self-refuting idea or self-defeating idea is an idea or statement whose falsehood is a logical consequence of the act or situation of holding them to be true.  Many ideas are called self-refuting by their detractors, and such accusations are therefore almost always controversial, with defenders stating that the idea is being misunderstood or that the argument is invalid.  For these reasons, none of the ideas below are unambiguously or incontrovertibly self-refuting. These ideas are often used as axioms, which are definitions taken to be true (tautological assumptions), and cannot be used to test themselves, for doing so would lead to only two consequences: consistency (circular reasoning) or exception (self-contradiction).
The Republic of Vietnam Wound Medal (Vietnamese: Chiến-Thương Bội-Tinh) was a military decoration of South Vietnam first created in 1953.[1] The medal was the South Vietnamese equivalent of the United States military's Purple Heart, and was awarded to any personnel of the South Vietnamese military who, while engaged in armed combat with enemies of the Republic of Vietnam, were either wounded or killed in action.
Majkovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Мајковац) is a village in the municipality of Bojnik, Serbia. According to the 2002 census, the village has a population of 23 people.[1]
Cuban Jam Sessions in Miniature is the debut album by Cuban double bassist Cachao, released in 1957 by Panart. The album is composed of descargas, improvised jam sessions with Cuban themes. It was the fourth installment in Panart's Cuban Jam Session series after Julio Gutiérrez's Cuban Jam Session Vol. 1 and Vol. 2, and Niño Rivera's Vol. 3. Unlike the other installments, Cachao's session comprised short improvisations instead of extended jams. The album sold over a million copies and became "a Latin music milestone".[1] In 2013, it was induced into the Latin Grammy Hall of Fame and the National Recording Registry.[2][3]
Reference Broadcast Synchronization (RBS) is a synchronization method in which the receiver uses the physical layer broadcasts for comparing the clocks. This is slightly different from traditional methods which synchronize the sender's with the receiver's clock.
2023 in television may refer to

William Ellis Gloag, Lord Kincairney (7 February 1828 – 8 October 1909) was a Scottish judge.
Use Only As Directed is a speculative fiction short story anthology edited by Simon Petrie and Edwina Harvey, and published by Peggy Bright Books in 2014. The book features fourteen short stories by Australian and New Zealand speculative fiction writers. The anthology's opening story, 'Dellinger' by Charlotte Nash, was shortlisted for the Aurealis Award for Best Science Fiction Short Story.[1]
The Space Brat book series includes Space Brat, Space Brat 2: Blork's Evil Twin, Space Brat 3: The Wrath of Squat, Space Brat 4: Planet of the Dips, and Space Brat 5: The Saber-toothed Poodnoobie.
The Sadista Sisters was a British music band that was active between 1974 and 1987. It was founded by Jude Alderson, Teresa D’Abreu and songwriter Jacky Tayler to perform political cabaret challenging society's treatment of women.[1]
The O'Chiese First Nation (/oʊˈtʃiːz/) is a Saulteaux First Nation in Alberta, Canada. The First Nation's homeland is the 14,131.9 ha (34,921 acres) O'Chiese 203 Indian reserve, located approximately 52 km northwest of Rocky Mountain House. Also reserved is the O'Chiese Cemetery 203A. As of November 2013, the First Nation had the population of 1,250 registered people, of which the on-reserve population was 831 people.[2] The primary language spoken on the reserve is Western Ojibwa. Though the ancestors of O'Chiese First Nation made the area about the Baptiste River their winter camp site where they hunted moose and deer, and trapped small game for the fur trade, they also migrated in the summer as far south as the Milk River in what is now Montana.
SM UC-8 was a German Type UC I minelayer submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat had been ordered by November 1914 and was launched on 6 July 1915. She was commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 5 July 1915 as SM UC-8.[Note 1] Mines laid by UC-8 in her one patrol are not known to have sunk any ships. UC-8 ran aground on the Dutch coast near Terschelling on 4 November 1915. Interned by the Dutch, UC-8 was purchased and commissioned into the Dutch Navy as HNLMS M-1. The submarine was broken up in 1932.[1]
Jeffrey S. Cramer (born 1955) is the Curator of Collections at the Walden Woods Project's Thoreau Institute Library, managing the collections of the Walden Woods Project, the Thoreau Society, the Ralph Waldo Emerson Society, the Margaret Fuller Society, and the Scott and Helen Nearing Papers.[1] He has written and edited 11 books about the works of such American literary figures as Ralph Waldo Emerson, Henry David Thoreau, and Robert Frost.[2]
Brahmondi Kamini Kishore Moulik Government High School (Bengali: ব্রাহ্মন্দী কামিনী কিশোর মৌলিক সরকারি উচ্চ বিদ্যালয়) is an old and reputed school situated at West Brahmondi, Narsingdi Sadar of Narsingdi district of Bangladesh.

Basil William Wellicome (28 December 1926 – 28 January 2016) was a British bobsledder who competed in the late 1940s. At the 1948 Winter Olympics in St. Moritz, he competed in the two-man event, but fell during the third run and did not finish.
The Cryptkeeper Five (sometimes referred to as CK5) are an American punk rock/rock and roll[3] band formed in 1997 in Trenton, New Jersey.
The 33rd Senate district of Wisconsin is one of 33 districts in the Wisconsin State Senate.[2]  Located in southeastern Wisconsin, the district comprises most of central Waukesha County.  It includes the cities of Waukesha and Delafield.[3]
Mitchell High School, also known as Mitchell Road High School, is a public 9-12 school in Memphis, Tennessee, United States, located at 658 West Mitchell Road in South Memphis. The school is served by the Shelby County Schools district. As of 2022 the high school's student body was 97 percent black and 1.4 percent hispanic.[2]
Christou v. Beatport, LLC, 849 F. Supp. 2d 1055 (D. Colo. 2012), was a District Court of Colorado case in which the court held that MySpace friend lists could constitute trade secrets. While the names in the friend lists could be found in public directories, the court considered that the "ancillary information" of the friend list provided a means of contact with permission that was not publicly available.[1]
Amand Yegorovich Struve (Russian: Аманд Егорович Струве) (30 May 1835 – 12 September 1898) was a Baltic German military engineer and bridge specialist of Russian Empire.
Buddy Parriott was an American professional motorcycle road racer.[1] In the 1965 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season, he became the first American rider to finish on the podium in the premier class, when he finished in second place behind Mike Hailwood at the 500cc United States Grand Prix, held at the Daytona International Speedway.[2] Parriott teamed with his son Mike Parriott to ride a Yoshimura Kawasaki to win the 1974 AFM 300 team endurance race held at the Ontario Motor Speedway.[3]
Carl Roepke was a member of the USA Luge Team from 1983 to 1988. Roepke is the 2008 and 2009 U.S. Luge National Masters Champion.[1]
St. Michael's Church is a property in Grand Forks, North Dakota that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1988.
Preben von Ahnen (18 September 1606 – 15 November 1675) was a Norwegian civil servant and landowner.[1]
"One I've Been Missing" is a song by British girl group Little Mix. It was released on November 22, 2019 by RCA UK, as the group's first official Christmas single and later became a contender for the UK Christmas number-one single.[1] It was co written by Little Mix member Leigh-Anne Pinnock alongside Jez Ashurst, Rachel Furner, Sinéad Harnett, and Tre Jean-Marie. 
Saros cycle series 145 for solar eclipses occurs at the Moon's ascending node, repeating every 18 years, 11 days, containing 77 events. It is currently a young cycle producing total eclipses less than 3 minutes in length. The series started with a partial solar eclipse on January 4, 1639, and reached a first annular eclipse on June 6, 1891. It was a hybrid event on June 17, 1909, and total eclipses from June 29, 1927, through September 9, 2648. The series ends at member 77 as a partial eclipse on April 17, 3009. The longest duration eclipse in the cycle will be member 50 at 7 minutes and 12 seconds in length on June 25, 2522, after which the durations of eclipses will decrease until the end of the cycle. In its central phase it will produce mainly total eclipses (41 of 43 central eclipses). All eclipses in this series occur at the Moon's ascending node.

Since the 2003 invasion of Iraq, bombings have killed thousands of people, mostly civilians. Suicide bombings have been used as a tactic in other armed struggles, but their frequency and lethality in Iraq is unprecedented.[1] During the invasion, the United States and United Kingdom dropped 29,199 bombs.[2] The article does not list these, but concentrates on the smaller number of insurgent bombings during the post-invasion phase of the Iraqi conflict (2003–present). 
Muhammad Nur Syaiful bin Zulkafli (born 19 February 1995) is a Malaysian Paralympic swimmer.[1] He represented Malaysia at the 2020 Summer Paralympics held in Tokyo, Japan.[2] In 2019, he competed at the 2019 World Para Swimming Championships held in London, United Kingdom and won bronze medal in the 50m Freestyle S5 event.[3][4] In 2022, he competed at the 2022 World Para Swimming Championships held in Madeira, Portugal and won bronze medal in the 50m Freestyle S5 event.[5]
Jacquith is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The 1962 Men's World Weightlifting Championships were held in Budapest, Hungary from September 16 to September 22, 1962.  There were 113 men in action from 27 nations. These world championships were combined with European championships.
Marie Morisawa (November 2, 1919 – June 10, 1994) was an American geomorphologist.  Morisawa was an integral part of the revolution in the field that began in the 1950s.  She studied the geomorphology of rivers, active fault zones, plate tectonics, coastal geomorphology, geological hazards, and environmental geomorphology.[1]
Saverne station (French: Gare de Saverne) is a French railway station located on the Noisy-le-Sec–Strasbourg railway. It is located within the commune of Saverne, in departement Bas-Rhin, in northeastern France.
Löffler's syndrome is a disease in which eosinophils accumulate in the lung in response to a parasitic infection. The parasite can be Ascaris, Strongyloides stercoralis, or Dirofilaria immitis[1] which can enter the body through contact with the soil.[2] The symptoms of Löffler's syndrome include those of a parasitic infection such as abdominal pain and cramping, skin rashes and fatigue. Löffler's syndrome itself will cause difficulty breathing, wheeze, coughing as well as a fever.
Tuot Saron is a Cambodian activist for the Sam Rainsy Party (SRP). He was imprisoned from 2008 to 2010 on a charge of "being an accomplice to unlawful confinement". Amnesty International called the charges against him politically motivated and named him a prisoner of conscience.[1]
A Bobby Vee discography
"Thy Will" is a Christian country song recorded by American singer and songwriter Hillary Scott for her collaborative album with the Scott Family, Love Remains (2016). Scott co-wrote the faith-affirming song with Bernie Herms and Emily Weisband. It was released April 22, 2016 as the lead single from the record and impacted Christian and country radio formats.[1][2]
Paul Mulla (1882–1959) (formerly Mollazade Mehmed Ali) was a Turkish Cretan Catholic prelate naturalized French and a professor of Islamic Studies at the Pontificio Istituto Orientale.
Ismail Mohammad (born Udayan Chowdhury)[1] is a Bangladeshi screenwriter, dialogue and story writer. In 1985, he won Bangladesh National Film Award for Best Screenplay for the film Ma O Chele.[2]
The buriburi and gitcho were Japanese children's toys, traditionally given together as a New Year's gift. The buriburi was a gourd-shaped roller, with or without wheels, which was rolled along the ground or pulled with a string; the gitcho was a short mallet or bat.[1] Their origin is obscure, but it is believed that they originated from China,[2] and that they were used in a game of the same name.[3] Both the implements and the game were closely associated with the New Year Festival in Heian-era Japan.[4] After the festival, the playing implements were sometimes ceremonially burned in a ceremony known as sagitcho.[5]


Hasthampatti is a locality in Salem city in Tamil Nadu state, India. Hastampatti is one of the zones in Salem City Municipal Corporation, And part of Salem Metropolitan Area .[1][2]
Bart De Roover (born 21 August 1967 in Belgium) is a Belgian retired footballer who now works as head coach of K. Lyra-Lierse Berlaar in his home country.[6]
Antal van der Duim and Boy Westerhof retained their title, beating Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo and Matteo Viola 6–1, 6–3
The 1960 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team was the representative of the University of Nebraska and member of the Big Eight Conference in the 1960 NCAA University Division football season. The team was coached by Bill Jennings and played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lincoln, Nebraska.
Primrose and West was an American blackface song-and-dance team made up of partners George Primrose and William H. "Billy" West. They later went into the business of minstrel troupe ownership with a refined, high-class approach that signaled the final stage in the development of minstrelsy as a distinct form of entertainment.[1]
Hits Mix is the first remix album by Cuban recording artist Celia Cruz. It featured two singles, a Spanglish remix version of "La Negra Tiene Tumbao", entitled "Gotta Get Down" and a dance remix of "Yo Vivire (I Will Survive)".
26 Field Artillery Regiment was an artillery regiment of the South African Artillery.
Charles Joseph Stewart (April 16, 1923 – October 17, 2016[1]), was an actor who has appeared in film and television in such TV shows as Star Trek: The Original Series, Batman, Bewitched, The F.B.I., The Brady Bunch and Knots Landing, as well as films such as The War of the Worlds (1953), The Lineup (1958), The Hollywood Knights (1980) and Armageddon (1998). He was additionally a professional tennis player.[citation needed]
Revelo Electric (REvolutionary VELO; "vélo" is French for "bike") is a Canadian clean mobility company that designs, develops, sells and services Revelo's front pedaling chainless electric bicycles. The company was founded in Toronto in 2012 by CEO Henry Chong, as Revelo Bikes Inc., and the name was changed to Revelo Electric Corp. in 2014. Revelo's core design principles are ease of use and ease of maintenance, and have created their products to fit these principles.
Paginatan is a state constituency in Sabah, Malaysia, that is represented in the Sabah State Legislative Assembly.[1]
The Humanist Party (Spanish: Partido Humanista) is a universal humanist, progressive, and left-wing political party in Chile, founded in 1984. The party is a member of the Humanist International.
Daimon (大門町, Daimon-machi) was a town located in Imizu District, Toyama Prefecture, Japan.[1]
The 1993–94 Cincinnati Bearcats men's basketball team represented the University of Cincinnati in NCAA Division I competition in the 1993–94 season. The Bearcats, coached by Bob Huggins, finished 4th in the Great Midwest Conference, and were selected for an at-large bid to the 1994 NCAA tournament. The team finished with an overall record of 22–10 (7–5 GMWC).
The State Archive of Literature and Art named after Salman Mumtaz (Azerbaijani: Salman Mumtaz adına Dövlət Ədəbiyyat və İncəsənət Arxivi) was established in 1966 in accordance with decree of the Council of Ministers of Azerbaijani SSR dated 17 July 1965. In 1996, according to decree of President of Azerbaijan, the archive was named after the prominent Azerbaijani literary scholar Salman Mumtaz.[1]
Werner Bernhard Franz von Eichstedt (1 January 1896 – 26 August 1944) was a German general (Generalmajor) in the Wehrmacht during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross of Nazi Germany. Eichstedt was killed on 26 August 1944 near Kishinev, Moldova during the Soviet Second Jassy–Kishinev Offensive.
In combustion, heat release parameter (or gas expansion parameter) is a dimensionless parameter which measures the amount of heat released by the combustion process.[1][2] It is defined as
Karimou is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Francis Hector Clergue (August 28, 1856 – January 19, 1939) was an American businessman who became the leading industrialist of Sault Ste. Marie, Ontario, Canada, at the turn of the 20th century.[1]
An obstacle course is a series of challenging physical obstacles an individual, team or animal must navigate, usually while being timed. Obstacle courses can include running, climbing, jumping, crawling, swimming, and balancing elements with the aim of testing speed, endurance and agility. Sometimes a course involves mental tests. The idea has been adapted into TV shows (as in American Ninja Warrior and Wipeout (2008 game show) ) and video games (as in Fall Guys, Marvel's Spider-Man: Miles Morales, and to some extent Super Mario Bros.)
Blissful Genuine Sex: Penetration! (悶絶本番　ぶちこむ, Monzetsu honban: buchikomu) is a 1995 Japanese Pink film directed by Toshiki Satō. It was chosen as Best Film of the year at the Pink Grand Prix ceremony. Hotaru Hazuki was given the Best Actress award and cinematographer Yasumasa Konishi won a Technical Award for their work on the film.[2] Satō's original title for the film was Like a Rolling Stone (ライク・ア・ローリング・ストーン).[3]
Porte de Mars is an ancient Roman triumphal arch in Reims, France.[1] It dates from the third century AD, and was the widest arch in the Roman world.[2][3]
Kinderhook is a village in Pike County, Illinois, United States. The population was 216 at the 2010 census, a decline from 249 in 2000.
Louis Jean de la Couldre, Comte de La Bretonnière, 6/8 July 1741, to 25 November 1809, was a French naval officer and engineer, who designed Cherbourg Harbour.
Squalane is the organic compound with the formula ((CH3)2CH(CH2)3CH(CH3)(CH2)3(CH2)3CH(CH3)(CH2)2)2.  A colorless hydrocarbon, it is the hydrogenated derivative of squalene, although commercial samples are derived from nature.[3]  In contrast to squalene, due to the complete saturation of squalane, it is not subject to auto-oxidation. This fact, coupled with its lower costs and desirable physical properties, led to its use as an emollient and moisturizer in cosmetics.[4]
Yar Paqlu (Persian: يارپاقلو, also Romanized as Yār Pāqlū and Yeprāqlū)[1] is a village in Aland Rural District, Safayyeh District, Khoy County, West Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 460, in 89 families.[2]

Four ships of the Royal Navy have been named HMS Pert:
Malcolm U. Pitt Field is a baseball venue located on the campus of the University of Richmond in Richmond, Virginia, United States.  The field is home to the Richmond Spiders baseball team of the NCAA Division I Atlantic 10 Conference.[1]  The field is named after former Spiders baseball and basketball coach Malcolm U. Pitt.[2]  It has a capacity of 600 people.[1]
Indian Sikhs number approximately 21 million people and account for 1.7% of India's population as of 2011, forming the country's fourth-largest religious group. The majority of the nation's Sikhs live in the northern state of Punjab, which is the only Sikh-majority administrative division in the world.
Julia Janssen (1900–1982) was a German stage actress. She also appeared in several films.[1]
The Rinaldone culture was an Eneolithic culture that spread between the 4th and the 3rd millennium BC in northern and central Lazio, in southern Tuscany and, to a lesser extent, also in Marche and Umbria. It takes its name from the town of Rinaldone, near Montefiascone in the province of Viterbo, northern Lazio.
The 2016–17 Welsh Football League Division One (known as the Nathaniel Cars Welsh Football League Division One for sponsorship reasons) was the 2016–17 season of the top football league in South Wales. Together with its North Wales counterpart, the Cymru Alliance, the 16-team division forms the second tier of the Welsh football league system, one level below the nationwide Welsh Premier League. The season began on 13 August 2016 and concluded on 6 May 2017.
Petrus Zwicker (died 1403, in Vienna) was an East Prussian Inquisitor and cleric of the Roman Catholic Order of the Celestines. Between 1391 and 1403, he led one of the largest inquisitorial operations in the German-speaking world. The victims of this persecution of heretics, in Austria, Pomerania, Brandenburg and Hungary, were almost exclusively Waldensians. The Inquisition records of this period are today only represented by a few fragments.
Diethylamine is an organic compound with the formula (CH3CH2)2NH. It is a secondary amine. It is a flammable, weakly alkaline liquid that is miscible with most solvents. It is a colorless liquid, but commercial samples often appear brown due to impurities. It has a strong ammonia-like odor.

Sir William Amcotts-Ingilby, 2nd Baronet (June 1783 – 14 May 1854) was a British politician.
Warner Pass is a mountain pass in the Chilcotin Ranges subdivision of the Pacific Ranges, the southernmost division of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia, Canada.  Located southeast of the Taseko Lakes, it is on the divide between Warner and Denain Creeks,[1] which are in the Bridge River and Taseko River drainage respectively, and therefore is on the boundary between the Spruce Lake Protected Area and Tsy'los Provincial Park.
Than Aung (Burmese: သန်းအောင်, [θáɴ àʊɴ]) is a former Minister for the Ministry of Health of Myanmar (Burma). He previously served as Deputy Minister for Ministry of Health, Member of Naypyidaw Council and director of Myanmar Army Medical Corps.[1][2][3]

Alicia Cawiya is the Vice-President of the Huaorani Nation of Ecuador and one of the leaders of the movement against oil exploitation in her region. In 2013, she made a speech in Ecuador's parliament to protect the Amazon basin from oil companies.
The Boscawen Public Library is the public library of Boscawen, New Hampshire, United States. It is located at 116 North Main Street.  The library's first building, built in 1913 to a Colonial Revival design by Guy Lowell, was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1981,[1] and is slowly undergoing rehabilitation.
Show and tell (sometimes called show and share or sharing time) is the practice of showing something to an audience and describing it to them, usually a toy or other children's-oriented item. In the United Kingdom, North America, New Zealand and Australia, it is a common classroom activity in early elementary school.[1] In a typical session of show and tell, a child will bring an item from home and will explain to the class why they chose that particular item, where they got it, and other relevant information.
A Sliver of Light: Three Americans Imprisoned in Iran is a 2014 memoir by Shane Bauer, Joshua Fattal, and Sarah Shourd, published by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt/Eamon Dolan. It discusses the 2009–11 detention of American hikers by Iran.
Robert William "Bob" Neuenschwander (/nəhwənswɑːndər/; newenswander July 4, 1948 – April 13, 2022) was an American businessman and politician. He served as a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives between 1983 to 1991 for the Democratic Party.[1]
Edward Moore Kennedy Jr. (born September 26, 1961) is an American lawyer and politician.  He is a partner at Epstein Becker & Green, a firm headquartered in New York City, and previously represented Connecticut's 12th State Senate district in the Connecticut State Senate from 2015 to 2019.
He is a son of Senator Edward M. "Ted" Kennedy from Massachusetts and nephew of President John F. Kennedy and Senator Robert F. Kennedy.
Embryo Lake is a lake in the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario, Canada.[1][2][4][5][6] It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin, is within Woodland Caribou Provincial Park, and is the source of the Rostoul River.[4]
Claude J. Jasper (born 1905/1906, Iowa [1] - November 2 1987, Scottsdale, Arizona) was Chairman of the Republican Party of Wisconsin in 1958.[2] He was also a delegate to the 1964 Republican National Convention.
François Alu (born 1993 in Fussy) is a French ballet dancer. He danced with the Paris Opera Ballet as an étoile (star).[1]
The 2010 Hakkâri bus bombing occurred on 16 September 2010 and resulted in nine people being killed and three others injured, including a 15-month-old baby, after an explosion on a minibus in the village of Geçitli, Hakkâri Province, Turkey.[1] The initial death toll was eight, and later rose to ten.[2][3]  The death toll in the minivan was ten, and according to the U.S. Department of State, the PKK was responsible.[4]
FC BGS БГС (Kazakh: Ақсай футбол клубы, Aqsaı fýtbol klýby) were a Kazakhstani football team based in Aqsay, Kazakhstan. The club played in the Kazakhstan Super League in the 1993 season. They were members of the Kazakhstan First Division in 1994, but were not able to finish that season due to financial reasons. In 2002 they played in the Kazakhstan Second Division.[1]
Gerson Albino Schuch (born 22 January 1946) is a Brazilian former volleyball player who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics. He played on the team which won a silver medal at the 1967 Pan American Games. He was born in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.[1]
Banner Cross Hall is an English country house situated on Ecclesall Road South in the Banner Cross area of Sheffield, England. The hall is a Grade II listed building which is now the main headquarters of Henry Boot PLC, the Sheffield-based property and construction company.
Interpersonal (Interaction) adaptation theory (IAT) is often referred to as a theory of theories. Several theories have been developed to provide frameworks as explanations of social interactions. After reviewing and examining various communication theories and previous empirical evidence pertaining to interpersonal communication, a need to address ways in which individuals adapt to one another in interactions became apparent. The importance of observing both sides of a dyadic interaction lead to the development of the interpersonal adaptation theory. The theory states, individuals enter interactions with expectations, requirements, and desires, which combined establish an interaction position. Once the interaction begins, the difference between interaction position and the other party's actual behavior determines whether the individual will adapt and continue the communication positively or not.
Leia Abigail Stirling (née Blumenthal) (born 1981) is the Charles Stark Draper Professor of Aeronautics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where she is the co-director of the human systems laboratory. She was elected an American Association for the Advancement of Science Leshner Leadership Institute Fellow in 2019.
Saint Joseph is an unincorporated community in Mercer County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.[1]
The Frogville (Chinese: 桃蛙源記) is a 2014 Taiwanese 3D animated children's film.[2][3] It was released on October 3.[3]
Patsy Ann "Pat" Danner (born January 13, 1934,  Louisville, Kentucky) is an American politician. She formerly represented the Missouri's 6th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives as a Democrat.
 Vail, United States
 Chongqing, China
 Haiyang, China
A crystal dendrite is a crystal that develops with a typical multi-branching form. The name comes from the Greek word dendron (δενδρον) which means "tree", since the crystal's structure resembles that of a tree. These crystals can be synthesised by using a supercooled pure liquid, however they are also quite common in nature. The most common crystals in nature exhibit dendritic growth are snowflakes and frost on windows, but many minerals and metals can also be found in dendritic structures.
Raymond III (c. 1165 – 1219) was the 10th Viscount of Turenne of the House of Comborn. He was a son of Viscount Raymond II and Helie of Castelnau.
Dzērve Manor (Latvian: Dzērves muižas pils), also called Lieldzērve Manor (German: Schloss Gross-Dserwen), is a manor house in Cīrava Parish in South Kurzeme Municipality in the historical region of Courland, in western Latvia.[1]
Ukraine's 7th electoral district is a Verkhovna Rada constituency in the Autonomous Republic of Crimea. Established in its current form in 2012,[1] it includes the cities of Yalta and Alushta, as well as their surrounding metropolitan areas (Yalta Municipality and Alushta Municipality, respectively). The constituency is home to 149,101 registered voters, and has 105 polling stations. Since the Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in 2014, the seat has been vacant.
Prince Pasquale of Bourbon-Two Sicilies, Count of Bari,[citation needed] full Italian name: Pasquale Baylen Maria del Carmine Giovanni-Battista Vincenzo-Ferreri Michele Arcangel Francesco di Paola Ferdinando Francesco di Assisi Luigi-Re Alfonso Gaetano Giuseppe Pietro Paolo Gennaro Luigi-Gonzaga Giovanni Giuseppe della Croce Gaspare Melchiore Baldassare Alberto Sebastiano Giorgio Venanzio Emanuele Placido Andrea-Avelino Rocco Pacifico Francesco di Geronimo Felice Teziano Ana Filomena Sebazia Lucia Luitgarda Apollina, Principe di Borbone delle Due Sicilie, Conte di Bari[citation needed] (15 September 1852, Caserta Palace, Caserta, Two Sicilies[citation needed] – 21 December 1904, Château de Malmaison, Rueil-Malmaison, France[citation needed]) was the eleventh child of Ferdinand II of the Two Sicilies and his second wife Maria Theresa of Austria.[citation needed]
Hacımusalar is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Elmalı, Antalya Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 163 (2022).[2]
Shade's Children is a young adult science fiction novel by Garth Nix.[1]  It was first published in Australia in 1997 by HarperCollins.
Methyldesorphine is an opioid analgesic. First synthesized in Germany in 1940 and patented in the US in 1952,[1] it has a high potential for abuse as with any potent opioid agonist, and is sometimes found along with desomorphine as a component of the home-made opioid mixture known as "Krokodil" used in Russia and the neighboring former Soviet republics.[2] It is approximately 15 times more potent than morphine as an analgesic[3][4] but if the 6-7 bond is saturated, the β isomer is some 50 times more potent than morphine.
Sittichok Paso (Thai: สิทธิโชค ภาโส, born 28 January 1999) is a Thai professional footballer who plays as a forward, he has also been used as a attacking midfielder for Thai League 1 club Chonburi.[1]
Livewired: The Inside Story of the Ever-Changing Brain is a non-fiction book by David Eagleman, a neuroscientist at Stanford University.[1] The book explores and extends the phenomenon of brain plasticity, with the term livewired proposed as a term to supersede plastic.
Gallane, also systematically named trihydridogallium, is an inorganic compound of gallium with the chemical formula GaH3 (also written as [GaH3]). It is a photosensitive, colourless gas that cannot be concentrated in pure form. Gallane is both the simplest member of the gallanes, and the prototype of the monogallanes. It has no economic uses, and is only intentionally produced for academic reasons.
The discography of Japanese actress and singer-songwriter Takako Matsu includes ten studio, three compilation, two live, seven video albums, twenty-one singles, and twenty music videos. Born into a family of actors, Matsu made her debut as a stage performer before her roles in TV dramas (beginning with the 1994 NHK taiga drama series Hana no Ran) and films (beginning with 1997's Tokyo Biyori).[1][2] That year she released her first single, "Ashita, Haru ga Kitara", which peaked at number 8 on the Oricon Singles Chart[1] and was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of Japan (RIAJ) for shipments of 400,000 copies. Matsu's debut album, Sora no Kagami (also released that year), peaked at number 4 on the Oricon Albums Chart. Selling over 300,000 copies, it earned a platinum certification from the RIAJ and Matsu was named Best New Artist of the Year at the 12th Japan Gold Disc Awards.[3]
All the Moron's Men (Italian: Tutti gli uomini del deficiente) is a 1999 Italian comedy film directed by Paolo Costella.[1][2][3]
The 1983 Oregon State Beavers football team represented Oregon State University in the 1983 NCAA college football season. The Beavers ended the season with two wins, eight losses, and a tie.  1983 was Oregon State's 13th consecutive losing season.  The Beavers scored 171 points and allowed 332 points. The team was led by head coach Joe Avezzano.  The season is most memorable for the 0–0 tie with Oregon in the Civil War, the last scoreless game in Division 1 college football history.  The game is known colloquially as the "Toilet Bowl."
José Eduardo Agualusa Alves da Cunha (born December 13, 1960) is an Angolan journalist and writer of Portuguese and Brazilian descent.[1] He studied agronomy and silviculture in Lisbon, Portugal. Currently he resides in the Island of Mozambique, working as a writer and journalist. He also has been working to establish a public library on the island.[2]
The 1981–82 Kent Football League season was the 16th in the history of the Kent Football League, a football competition in England.
Buccan or Boucan is the native South American and Caribbean name[1] for a wooden framework or hurdle on which meat was slow-roasted or smoked over a fire. Spaniards called the same process "barbacoa", later "barbecue".[2]
Michael Paul Shaw (May 9, 1957 – September 11, 2010) was an American professional wrestler who was best known for his stint in World Championship Wrestling (WCW) as Norman the Lunatic, and as Bastion Booger in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF, now WWE).
Native Women's Assn of Canada v Canada, [1994] 3 S.C.R. 627, was a decision by the Supreme Court of Canada on section 2, section 15 and section 28 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, in which the Court decided against the claim that the government of Canada had an obligation to financially support an interest group in constitutional negotiations, to allow the group to speak for its people.  The case resulted from negotiations for the Charlottetown Accord, in which various groups representing Aboriginal peoples in Canada were financially supported by the government, but the Native Women's Association of Canada (NWAC) was not.  Since NWAC claimed the other Aboriginal groups primarily represented Aboriginal men, it argued that section 28 (sexual equality under the Charter) could be used so that section 2 (freedom of expression) required the government to provide an equal benefit to Aboriginal women, supposedly represented by NWAC.
Alessi is a housewares and kitchen utensil company in Italy, manufacturing and marketing everyday items authored by a wide range of designers, architects, and industrial designers — including Achille Castiglioni, Richard Sapper, Alessandro Mendini, Ettore Sottsass, Wiel Arets, Zaha Hadid, Toyo Ito, Tom Kovac, Greg Lynn, MVRDV, Jean Nouvel, UN Studio, Michael Graves, and Philippe Starck. The Alessi company in the UK is worth around £2.4 million.
George Hand Wright (1872–1951) was an American painter, illustrator and printmaker.
Małgorzata Maria Gersdorf (Polish: [mawgɔ'ʐata 'gɛrsdɔrf]; born 22 November, 1952) is a Polish lawyer and judge who served as the First President of the Supreme Court of Poland. She was appointed in 2014 and her six-year term ended on 30 April, 2020.[1]
Abram Fedorovich[a] Ioffe (Russian: Абра́м Фёдорович Ио́ффе, IPA: [ɐˈbram ˈfʲɵdərəvʲɪtɕ ɪˈofɛ]; 29 October [O.S. 17 October] 1880 – 14 October 1960) was a prominent Soviet physicist. He received the Stalin Prize (1942), the Lenin Prize (1960) (posthumously), and the Hero of Socialist Labor (1955). Ioffe was an expert in various areas of solid state physics and electromagnetism. He established research laboratories for radioactivity, superconductivity, and nuclear physics, many of which became independent institutes.
Serrano v. Priest refers to three cases regarding the financing of public schools in California that were decided by the California Supreme Court: Serrano v. Priest, 5 Cal.3d 584 (1971) (Serrano I); Serrano v. Priest, 18 Cal.3d 728 (1976) (Serrano II); and Serrano v. Priest, 20 Cal.3d 25 (1977) (Serrano III).
Medication phobia, also known as pharmacophobia, is a fear of the use of pharmacological treatments.[1] In severe, excessive and irrational cases it may be a type of specific phobia.
Yuriy Vasilyevich Smoloviy (Юрий Васильевич Смоловый, born 9 April 1970) is a Russian Kazakhstani male water polo player. He was a member of the Russia men's national water polo team and Kazakhstan men's national water polo team, playing as a centre forward. He was a part of the Russian team at the 1996 Summer Olympics and of the Kazakhstani team at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.[1] On club level he played for Lukoil-Spartak in Russia.
Metepec  (Spanish: [meteˈpek] (listen)) is a municipality in the State of Mexico in Mexico and is located directly to the east of the state capital, Toluca, at an altitude of 2,635 metres (8,645 ft) above sea level. The center of  Mexico City lies some 50 km further to the east. The city of Metepec also form part of the Greater Toluca.  The name Metepec comes from Náhuatl meaning hill of the agave plants. However, it is also known in the Matlatzinca language as "Nepinta-Tuhi" meaning 'people of corn land' and in the Otomi language as "Ntaguada".[1]
Daniel Johansen (born 9 July 1998) is a Faroese footballer.
Endine Gaiano (Bergamasque: Ènden Gaià) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy, located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) northeast of Milan and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of Bergamo.
Ayawasi is a village of about 1,200 people in the Indonesia province of Southwest Papua. It is located in the Ayfat area, north of the Ayamaru Lakes, and it is the site of Ayawasi Airport.
Ferdinando Monfardini (born 20 November 1984 in Isola della Scala) is an Italian race car driver. He raced in the 2005 and 2006 GP2 Series seasons, having previously raced in the Formula 3000 series which it replaced.
Red Lake is located by Bartletts Corner, New York. The outlet flows into the Indian River. Fish species present in the lake are largemouth bass, smallmouth bass, northern pike, pickerel, walleye, yellow perch, channel catfish, rock bass, bluegill, and black crappie. There is a state owned beach launch on Red Lake Road.[3]

This is a list of electoral results for the electoral district of Burrum in Queensland state elections.
Kinsale is an unincorporated community in Westmoreland County, in the U. S. state of Virginia.[1] It was named after Kinsale, in Ireland.[2]
Malinniki-Kolonia [malinˈniki kɔˈlɔɲa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Orla, within Bielsk County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Orla, 14 km (9 mi) south-east of Bielsk Podlaski, and 52 km (32 mi) south of the regional capital Białystok.
The Crimson Kimono is a 1959 crime drama starring James Shigeta, Glenn Corbett and Victoria Shaw.[1] Directed by Samuel Fuller, it featured several ahead-of-its-time ideas about race and society's perception of race, a thematic and stylistic trademark of Fuller.[citation needed]
The Cullum Mansion is a historic mansion in Carthage, Tennessee.
Imagination is an album by American trombonist Curtis Fuller's Sextette recorded in 1959 and released on the Savoy label.[1][2][3][4]
The C. Wright Mills Award is a distinction awarded annually by the Society for the Study of Social Problems to the author of the book that "best exemplifies outstanding social science research and a great understanding the individual and society in the tradition of the distinguished sociologist, C. Wright Mills."[1]
The Battle of Aguioncha or Aguiuncias, the culmination of a Galician–Portuguese civil war in the Kingdom of León, was fought at the hill called Aguioncha on the river Salas in the province of Ourense between two aristocratic factions. The leader of the victorious faction was the Portuguese count Gonzalo Menéndez, that of the defeated one was the Galician count Rodrigo Velázquez.
Economic law is a set of legal rules for regulating economic activity.[1][2]Economics can be defined as "a social science concerned with the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services."[3] The regulation of such phenomena, law, can be defined as "customs, practices, and rules of conduct of a community that are recognized as binding by the community", where "enforcement of the body of rules is through a controlling authority."[4] Accordingly, different states have their own legal infrastructure and produce different  provisions of goods and services.
Bloomfield Run is a 4.0 mi (6.4 km) long 2nd order tributary to Oil Creek in Crawford County, Pennsylvania.
The State and University Library (Danish: Statsbiblioteket) in Aarhus, Denmark, is a national library and the university library of Aarhus University. It is a research library and the central repository for all Danish public libraries holding millions of items both in print and digital formats including sound and music recordings, videos, journals, books, patents, maps, prints and drawings. The library is directly subordinated the Danish Ministry of Culture and is a legal deposit library, receiving copies of all audio, video and newspapers produced in Denmark.[2][3]
Arbetarhistoria is a quarterly magazine on labour history published by the Swedish Labour Movement Archives and Library (Swedish: Arbetarrörelsens arkiv och bibliotek). It was established in 1977[1] as Meddelande från Arbetarrörelsens arkiv och bibliotek and obtained its current name in 1984. It is targeted both at academics and the interested public.[2][3] It is based in Huddinge.[1]
White Ash (ホワイト・アッシュ, Howaito Asshu, stylized in all caps) was a Japanese rock band. Formed in 2006, the quartet was initially a cover band of Arctic Monkeys.[1] Upon its release of the compilation album Love, On December 22, 2016, it was announced that they will disband for the reasons that weren't disclosed.[2] White Ash disbanded in March 2017.[3]
Juan Carlos Rodríguez Ibarra
PSOE
Léran (French pronunciation: ​[leʁɑ̃]; Occitan: Leran) is a commune in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
Mattias Eriksson (born 17 November 1981 in Sundsvall, Medelpad) is a Swedish archer.[1]
Burning for Buddy: A Tribute to the Music of Buddy Rich, Vol. 2 is a 1997 Buddy Rich tribute album produced by Rush drummer/lyricist Neil Peart.  It is a follow up to 1994's Burning for Buddy: A Tribute to the Music of Buddy Rich and both recording sessions were also released in a 5-hour documentary DVD video in 2006, The Making of Burning for Buddy....
Dorothy Healy was an outfielder who played in the All-American Girls Professional Baseball League.[1]
Guy Renne (21 October 1925 in Moulins – 27 June 1990 in Montord) was a French painter, draughtsman, pastellist, engraver, sculptor. He was first a painter from Bourbonnais (Charroux), until his installation in Provence in Fontvieille, then in Arles where he would reside until his death.
Deh Now (Persian: دهنو, also Romanized as Deh-e Now)[1] is a village in Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem Rural District, Jolgeh-ye Chah Hashem District, Dalgan County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 866, in 143 families.[2]
The  Data General RDOS (Real-time Disk Operating System) is a real-time operating system released in 1970.[1] The software was bundled with the company's popular Nova and Eclipse minicomputers.[2]
iVardensphere is a Canadian band that plays a mixture of tribal-tinged industrial, EBM and power noise music, based in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.[1]
Afreen Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan, since August 2018.
How to Swim is a 2018 Israeli short drama film written and directed by Noa Gusakov.
The IPSC Nordic Handgun Championship is an IPSC level 3 championship hosted in every year either in Norway, Sweden, Finland or Denmark. Until 2017 the championships were held annually in all divisions. But from 2018 onward championships in Open and Production division will be held even years and championships in Classic, Revolver and Standard divisions uneven years.
Tafsīr al-Qurʾān al-ʿAẓīm better known as Tafsir Ibn Kathir is the tafsir by Ibn Kathir (died 774 AH). It is one of the most famous Islamic books concerned with the science of interpretation of the Quran.[1] It also includes jurisprudential rulings, and takes care of the hadiths and is famous for being almost devoid of Israʼiliyyat.[1] It is the most followed tafsir by salafist muslims.[2]
Adobe Experience Cloud (AEC), formerly Adobe Marketing Cloud (AMC), is a collection of integrated online marketing and web analytics products  by Adobe Inc.
Alloy broadening is a spectral-line broadening mechanism caused by random distribution of the atoms in an alloy.[1]
Akiko Koike (小池 亜希子, Koike Akiko, born November 5, 1969) is a Japanese voice actress who is affiliated with Arts Vision. She was formerly affiliated with Mausu Promotion.
Leo Rajendram Antony (18 April 1927 − 3 December 2012) was a Sri Lankan Roman Catholic bishop.
Portable Draughts Notation (.PDN) is the standard  computer-processable format for recording draughts games. This format is derived from Portable Game Notation, which is the standard chess format.
40°06′25″N 44°21′08″E﻿ / ﻿40.10694°N 44.35222°E﻿ / 40.10694; 44.35222
Beamable Inc. is a technology company based in Boston, Massachusetts. They currently provide implementation services of Games as a Service features within the Unity game engine.[1][2] Before filing for bankruptcy in 2020,[3] the company worked within game development.[4]
The table below lists the decisions (known as reasons) delivered from the bench by the Supreme Court of Canada during 2016. The table illustrates what reasons were filed by each justice in each case, and which justices joined each reason.
Larvik/Sandefjord Region is a metropolitan region in the county of Vestfold in southeastern Norway. It is centered on the cities of Larvik and Sandefjord.
Jacob Ryne Wong (born September 3, 1996) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cincinnati Reds of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2023.
Peschici Italian pronunciation: [ˈpɛskitʃi] is a town and comune in the province of Foggia in the Apulia region of southeast Italy.
Famous for its seaside resorts, its territory belongs to the Gargano National Park and to the Gargano Mountain Community.
Religious Experience Reconsidered (2009) is a book by Ann Taves on the study of religious experience. She proposes a new approach, which takes into account the attribution of religious meaning to specific events, using the term "specialness."[1] "The focus of the book is on experiences deemed religious (and, by extension, other things considered special) rather than "religious experience.""[1]
Donnie Scott Hart (born September 6, 1990) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Tecolotes de los Dos Laredos of the Mexican League. He has played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Baltimore Orioles, Milwaukee Brewers, and New York Mets.
Ouvrage Champ de Tir, also known as Champ de Tir de l'Agaisen (Agaisen firing range) is a lesser work (petit ouvrage) of the Maginot Line's Alpine extension, the Alpine Line.  It is located at an altitude of 672 metres (2,205 ft), less than 1 kilometer to the northwest of Ouvrage l'Agaisen. The ouvrage consists of two entry blocks and one infantry block, sited to control the valley of the Nieya and to observe for l'Agaisen.[1]
The Midland Cogeneration Venture (MCV) is a natural gas-fired electrical and steam co-generation plant in Midland, Michigan owned by Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership.  When it began operation in 1991, it was the largest gas-fired steam recovery power plant in the world.[1]
The Buell Blast is a motorcycle that was made by the Buell Motorcycle Company from 2000 to 2009.
The Civil Rule Party (Korean: 민정당; Hanja: 民政黨, CRP), sometimes referred to as the Civil Rights Party, was a political party in South Korea. The party was the successor to the Democratic Party, supported by former President Yun Posun, and future Presidents Kim Dae-jung and Kim Young-sam.[1] On May 11, 1965, it merged with the Democratic Party to become the People's Party.
Thoros of Marash, also known as Thatoul (late 11th – early 12th century) was the Armenian lord of Marash and likely the father of Arda of Armenia (died after 1116), the first queen consort of the Kingdom of Jerusalem.
Left-hand muting is a performance technique for stringed instruments, where string vibration is damped by the fingering hand.[1][2][3][4] (Left-handed players use the right hand.)[5][6]
Expert Review of Pharmacoeconomics & Outcomes Research is a bimonthly peer-reviewed medical journal covering all aspects of pharmacoeconomics. It was established in 2001 and is published by Informa. The editor-in-chief is A. Bottomley (European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer).
The Third Jonckheer cabinet was the 3rd cabinet of the Netherlands Antilles.
Clarence Hardy "C." Sharpe (May 5, 1931, St. Louis - January 28, 1990, New York City) was an American jazz saxophonist.[1]
Jacques Pic (October 31, 1932 – September 19, 1992) was a French chef best known for being head chef at his three Michelin starred restaurant Maison Pic in Valence, Drôme, France. He was the son of chef Andre Pic, and the father of chefs Alain and Anne-Sophie Pic.
The Omark Model 44 is a bolt-action single-shot target rifle made in Australia. First released in 1968 as the Sportco Model 44 produced in Sportco's Adelaide factory, production was taken over by Omark in the 1970s, then by MAB Engineering in Brisbane in 1984.[1]
Aija Jurjāne (née Putniņa; born 15 January 1988) is a Latvian women's basketball player with the Latvia women's national basketball team.[1] She competed with the team at the 2008 Summer Olympics, where she scored 2 points in 3 games.[1]
Floriańska Street or St. Florian's Street (Polish: ulica Floriańska, Latin: platea Sancti Floriani) is one of the main streets in Kraków Old Town and one of the most famous promenades in the city.[1] The street forms part of the regular grid plan of Stare Miasto (the Old Town), the merchants' town that extends the medieval heart of the city, which was drawn up in 1257 after the destruction of the city during the first Mongol invasion of Poland of 1241.[2]
Holzbauer is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Western Polesie, also known as Polesie Podlaskie or Polesie Lubelskie, is a geological macro-region to the west of the River Bug, which is the north-western part of Polesie (a land, mostly in Belarus and Ukraine). In geological terms, the lowland is part of the pre-Cambrian region. The north of the pre-Cambrian has carboniferous deposits, as well as deposits of cenozoic and chalk.[1]
Morsicatio buccarum is a condition characterized by chronic irritation or injury to the buccal mucosa (the lining of the inside of the cheek within the mouth), caused by repetitive chewing, biting or nibbling.[1]
Lars Herminius Aquilinus was consul in 448 BC with Titus Verginius Tricostus Caeliomontanus (consul 448).  Their year of office was relatively peaceful, as neither consul took sides in the conflict between the patricians and the plebeians.[1][2]
An administrative consul is a type of powerful diplomat. Under certain historical circumstances, a major power's consular representation would take on various degrees of administrative roles, not unlike a colonial resident minister. This would often occur in territories without a formal state government (thus warranting a full diplomatic mission, such as an embassy).
K62 class is the Voroshilovgrad Locomotive Factory's designation for M62-type diesel locomotives built for the Korean State Railway. In North Korean service, they are designated Sinsŏng-class Korean: 신성, "Nova".[1]
Doriclea is an opera in three acts and a prologue by the Italian composer Francesco Cavalli with a libretto by Giovanni Faustini. It was first performed at the Teatro San Cassiano, Venice in 1645.
The Church of St. Clare of Assisi is a parish church under the authority of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of New York, located at Hone Avenue at Rhinelander Avenue in The Bronx, New York City. It was established in 1929 as a national parish for the Italian American community "at Paulding and Rhinelander Avenue, Morris Park or Williamsbridge."[1]
The Redwood Solar Cluster is a 100 MW photovoltaic power station that is located in Kern County, California. The final phase, named Redwood 4, was completed in March 2018, and is located 12 miles east of downtown Bakersfield. Redwood 4 is rated at 26 MW.[1][2]
Erie, Pennsylvania is the Commonwealth's primary access point to Lake Erie, the Great Lakes, and the Saint Lawrence Seaway. The city developed first as a maritime center after the American Revolution, as a railroad hub during the great American westward expansion, and as an important manufacturing center during the Industrial Revolution. By the 21st century, electric locomotive building is all that remains of big industry, but smaller-scale steel and plastics manufacturers, as well as health care, insurance, tourism and recreation have emerged as Erie's new diverse mix of key industries.
HaShidur HaMefutzal (Hebrew: השידור המפוצל; "The split broadcast") was the name given to a decision in 2002 by the Israeli broadcasting company Telad to broadcast reports from a suicide attack in Jerusalem side-by-side with an ongoing football match. This decision is considered an Israeli milestone on the collision between television ratings and national responsibility, as well as with the issue of dealing with terror.
Kari Juhani Jormakka (21 January 1959, in Helsinki – 13 January 2013, in Vienna) was a Finnish architect, historian, critic and pedagogue.[1] Though born in Helsinki, his family soon afterwards moved to the city of Lappeenranta, where he spent his childhood. After finishing school in Lappeenranta, he initially studied philosophy at the University of Helsinki before switching to studying architecture at Helsinki University of Technology, graduating in 1985. He completed a PhD in architecture theory, with a thesis titled "Constructing Architecture", at Tampere University of Technology in 1992.
A series of floods in Colombia began in late April 2011, coinciding with the country's rainy season. Torrential rains triggered extensive flooding and landslides that killed at least 111 people and left more than 69,000 homeless. Estimates have placed damage at US$5 billion.[2] After September, a second wave of flooding and landslides (coinciding with the year's second rainy season) killed another 81 people,[4] wounded 65 more and affected approximately 289,000 (including 61,000 families).[1]
Michael David Metelits (born 1942 in California), a career member of the American senior foreign service, served as the American ambassador to Cape Verde from 1999 to 2002.[1]
Vineta is a strategy board game based loosely on the fabled island of Vineta.  In the game, players take on the roles of Norse Gods trying to sink 8 of the 9 districts of Vineta with tidal waves while trying to save their followers.  It was published by Winning Moves Games USA in 2008 as the fifth game in its Immortal Eyes line. This game is no longer in production.
Savalen is a lake in Innlandet country, Norway. The 18-square-kilometre (6.9 sq mi) lake is located along the border of the municipalities Tynset and Alvdal. The lake sits about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) west of the village of Tynset and about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north of the village of Alvdal.[1]
Return of the Rebels (working title The Eagle Rock Rebels Ride Again) is a 1981 American made-for-television biker drama film starring Barbara Eden, Don Murray, Christopher Connelly, Robert Mandan, Jamie Farr and Patrick Swayze. It originally premiered on CBS on October 17, 1981.
Fast Infoset (or FI) is an international standard that specifies a binary encoding format for the XML Information Set (XML Infoset) as an alternative to the XML document format. It aims to provide more efficient serialization than the text-based XML format.
Fresno del Río is a municipality located in the province of Palencia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality has a population of 190 inhabitants.[2]
Battle Gear (バトル・ギア), previously known as Side by Side (サイド・バイ・サイド), is a series of racing video games developed and published by Taito, first released in arcades with Side by Side in 1996. The series was later released for various home consoles, such as the PlayStation and PlayStation 2.
The Center for Safe Energy is non-profit environmental group founded in 1991 by Francis Underhill Macy and Enid Schreibman.[1]
Onamihime (阿南姫, July 4, 1541 – August 30, 1602) was a late-Sengoku period Onna-musha. She was the first daughter of Date Harumune, sister of Date Terumune and aunt of Date Masamune. She was the ruler of Sukagawa castle in Mutsu Province. She was best known for being a potential enemy of her nephew, Masamune, participating in several campaigns against expansion of the Date clan in the region of Ōshū.
Jacob Bailey (16 April 1731 – 26 July 1808) was an author and clergyman of the Church of England, active in New England and Nova Scotia.
Francesco Brambilla (16th century) was an Italian sculptor of the Renaissance period, active in Milan, in the decoration of its massive gothic Cathedral.
MS Isle of Innisfree  is a passenger and car ferry to be operated by Irish Ferries between Dover and Calais. Originally built at Boelwerf as the Prins Filip originally sailing between Dover and Ostend, later between Ostend and Ramsgate, she has since 1997 (the year RMT shut down) operated for a wide variety of companies.
Richard B. Stamps (born 1942) is a retired American associate professor of anthropology at Oakland University and Chair of The Ambassador Leonard Woodcock Legacy.  He taught from 1974 to 2012, retiring after 37 years of teaching.[1][2]  He is an expert on archaeology and cultural anthropology of Taiwan and China.  He is known by his Chinese name Yin Yinyin (Chinese: 尹因印; Pinyin: Yĭn Yīnyìn).
Selwyn Kole Mawetaral (born 26 December 1973) is a retired middle distance athlete from the Solomon Islands.

Mobbing, as a sociological term, means bullying of an individual by a group, in any context, such as a family, peer group, school, workplace, neighborhood, community, or online. When it occurs as physical and emotional abuse in the workplace, such as "ganging up" by co-workers, subordinates or superiors, to force someone out of the workplace through rumor, innuendo, intimidation, humiliation, discrediting, and isolation, it is also referred to as malicious, nonsexual, non-racial/racial, general harassment.[1]

Richard Burton is a visiting lecturer at the University of Westminster and managing editor of the Jewish Chronicle. He has been editor of the websites of the British newspapers The Daily Telegraph and The Sunday Telegraph.
In organic chemistry, isothiouronium is a functional group with the formula [RSC(NH2)2]+ (R = alkyl, aryl) and is the acid salt of isothiourea.  The H centres can also be replaced by alkyl and aryl.  Structurally, these cations resemble guanidinium cations.  The CN2S core is planar and the C–N bonds are short.[1]
Hattie is an extinct town in southeast Texas County, in the U.S. state of Missouri. The GNIS classifies it as a populated place.[1] The community is on the South Prong Jacks Fork, south of Missouri Route Y, and two miles north of the county line.[2]
Bert A. Clemens (August 15, 1874 – February 2, 1935) was an American farmer, businessman, and politician.
(No centralised leadership)
SOS is a Morse code distress signal (  ▄ ▄ ▄ ▄▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄▄▄ ▄ ▄ ▄ ), used internationally, that was originally established for maritime use. In formal notation SOS is written with an overscore line, to indicate that the Morse code equivalents for the individual letters of "SOS" are transmitted as an unbroken sequence of three dots / three dashes / three dots, with no spaces between the letters.[1] In International Morse Code three dots form the letter "S" and three dashes make the letter "O", so "S O S" became a common way to remember the order of the dots and dashes. (IWB, VZE, 3B, and V7 form equivalent sequences, but traditionally SOS is the easiest to remember.)
Russko-Polyansky District (Russian: Ру́сско-Поля́нский райо́н) is an administrative[1] and municipal[5] district (raion), one of the thirty-two in Omsk Oblast, Russia. It is located in the south of the oblast. The area of the district is 3,300 square kilometers (1,300 sq mi).[citation needed] Its administrative center is the urban locality (a work settlement) of Russkaya Polyana.[1] Population: 19,333 (2010 Census);[2] 24,481 (2002 Census);[7] 26,959 (1989 Census).[8] The population of the administrative center accounts for 30.6% of the district's total population.[2]
Still Motion is a 3-piece rock and roll band from Drexel Hill, Pennsylvania. They draw heavily on the music of the past, namely the rock era of the 60s and 70s, typified by bands like The Rolling Stones, Led Zeppelin, and The Beatles. Classic in spirit yet contemporary in scope, Still Motion's sound is both derivative and dynamic, nostalgic and new. They have recorded several demos but have yet to release a full length album.
Yann Clairay (born 2 December 1983 in Laval, Mayenne) is a French racing driver. He has competed in such series as Eurocup Formula Renault 2.0 and the Formula Three Euroseries. Clairay won the GT1 class of the 2009 Le Mans Series along with Patrice Goueslard.
Rithachaupata  is a village development committee in Darchula District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 3864 people living in 691 individual households.[1]
Harper is a ghost town located in Ninemile Canyon (at the mouth of Argyle Canyon) in Carbon and Duchesne counties in Utah, United States. This stagecoach town came into existence in 1886. The nearest inhabited town is Wellington. The remaining buildings are located mostly on private property and permission must be granted before accessing them.
General Bartolomé Salom Airport (IATA: PBL, ICAO: SVPC) is an airport serving Puerto Cabello, a city in the Carabobo state of Venezuela. The airport is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the city.
The National Association of Drug Court Professionals (NADCP) is an American 501(c)(3) non-profit organization devoted to furthering the treatment court model and criminal justice reform worldwide.
The 2003 Cal Poly Mustangs football team represented California Polytechnic State University[note 1] during the 2003 NCAA Division I-AA football season.
The Ottawa Technical Secondary School (name changed as of May 1, 2010) is an Ottawa-Carleton District School Board high school in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. It specializes in teaching students trades. It is located on Donald Street, just east of the Vanier neighbourhood of Ottawa. Until 2001, it was known as McArthur High School . From 2001 until 2010 it was known as  Ottawa Technical Learning Centre.
Dance Machine is an American dance game show and competition that premiered on June 27, 2008 on ABC. The show was hosted by Jason Kennedy.[1] It was created by RDF USA.[2]
Ji Dandi (simplified Chinese: 纪丹迪; traditional Chinese: 紀丹迪; pinyin: Jì Dāndí; born June 30, 1982), formerly known as Ji Minjia (simplified Chinese: 纪敏佳; traditional Chinese: 紀敏佳; pinyin: Jì Mǐnjīa), is a Chinese singer from the city of Chengdu, Sichuan.
The Ústí nad Labem Half Marathon is an annual half marathon race which takes place in September in Ústí nad Labem, Czech Republic. Known as the Mattoni Ústí Half Marathon, it is a part of RunCzech running circuit.
Ludmila Formanová (Czech pronunciation: [ˈludmɪla ˈformanovaː]) (born 2 January 1974) is a former Czech middle-distance runner who specialized in the 800 metres. She was born in Čáslav.
Kyoko Enami (江波 杏子, Enami Kyōko, 15 October 1942 – 27 October 2018) was a Japanese film and television actress.
Young at Heart is a 1954 American musical film directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Doris Day and Frank Sinatra. Its supporting cast includes Gig Young, Ethel Barrymore, Alan Hale Jr., and Dorothy Malone. The picture was the first of five films that Douglas directed involving Sinatra and was a remake of the 1938 film Four Daughters.
Carla Suárez Navarro (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkaɾla ˈswaɾeθ naˈβaro]; born 3 September 1988, in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria) is a Spanish former professional tennis player. A former top 10 singles player, she reached a career-high singles ranking of world No. 6 on 29 February 2016, and a best WTA doubles ranking of 11, on 27 April 2015, and won two singles and three doubles titles on the WTA Tour.
The Concord Fault  is a geologic fault in the San Francisco Bay Area. The reason it is called that is because it is located under the city of Concord.[1] It is connected to, and considered to be part of, the same fault zone as the Green Valley fault, which lies just a few miles to the north across the Suisun Bay.[2] The fault is situated at the east of West Napa Fault and extends from Mount Diablo to the Carquinez Strait, an approximately 11 mile long distance. Like most other faults in this area, the Concord Fault is a strike-slip fault,[3] moving approximately 2.7 to 3.6 millimeters a year.[4]
The Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album has been awarded since 1959. The award is generally given to the album producer, principal vocalist(s), and the composer and lyricist if they have written a new score which comprises 51% or more playing time of the album.
Ritzgerode is a village and a former municipality in the Mansfeld-Südharz district, Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. Since 6 March 2009, it is part of the town Mansfeld.
Trudy is the title character of a comic strip about a suburban homemaker by Jerry Marcus which debuted on March 18, 1963. It was syndicated until August 20, 2005, after Marcus died on July 22 of that year.
Rasuiya railway station (station code: RYS) is a railway station on the Lucknow–Moradabad line located in village Rasuiya of Bareilly district in Uttar Pradesh, India. It is under the administrative control of the Moradabad Division of the Northern Railway zone of the Indian Railways.[2]
The 2012–13 AIK IF season is AIK's 29th season in the Elitserien ice hockey league (SEL), the top division in Sweden.[1] They finished in ninth place in the regular season and failed to qualify for the playoffs.
The transition from Sui to Tang (613–628) was the period of Chinese history between the end of the Sui dynasty and the start of the Tang dynasty. The Sui dynasty's territories were carved into a handful of short-lived states by its officials, generals, and agrarian rebel leaders. A process of elimination and annexation followed that ultimately culminated in the consolidation of the Tang dynasty by the former Sui general Li Yuan. Near the end of the Sui, Li Yuan installed the puppet child emperor Yang You. Li later executed Yang and proclaimed himself emperor of the new Tang dynasty.
The Rhodes 27 is a sailboat designed by Philip Rhodes and manufactured by different boat builders in USA and Canada in the period 1938–1950.[1] Approximately 40 boats were eventually built. Many of these wooden boats have been partially or fully restored.
Aleksandra Račić (Serbian: Александра Рачић; born September 19, 1990) is a Serbian female basketball player.
A Terra Prometida (English: The Promised Land)[1] is a Brazilian telenovela produced by Casablanca and broadcast by RecordTV. It premiered on July 5, 2016 and ended on March 13, 2017.[2][3] It tells the story of the biblical character Joshua.
William Lafleur (born February 25, 1976) is a former American football punter who played four pro seasons in the NFL. He spent two seasons playing in Europe for the Barcelona Dragons, and played another two for the San Francisco 49ers. He played college football at Nebraska.
Boky Wéré is a village and rural commune in the Cercle of Macina in the Ségou Region of southern-central Mali. The commune covers an area of approximately 220 square kilometers and includes 14 villages.[3] The commune is bordered to the north by the commune of Monimpébougou, to the east by the commune of Kokry, to the west by the commune of Pogo and to the south by the commune of Kolongo. In the 2009 census the commune had a population of 16,934.[2] The village lies to the north of the Fala de Boky-Wéré, an ancient riverbed that forms part of the Office du Niger irrigation system, and to the south of a large irrigation canal dug in 2009 as part of the Libyan financed Malibya project.

This article lists programs broadcast by Mega Channel and on Mega Cosmos for international viewers from Greece:[1]
Garuda Dempo Station (formerly Polda Station) is a station of the Palembang Light Rail Transit Line 1 in South Sumatra, Indonesia. The station is located between RSUD station and Demang station.
The Vic formation is a formation devised for military aircraft and first used during the First World War.
It has three or sometimes more aircraft fly in close formation  with the leader at the apex and the rest of the flight en echelon to the left and the right, the whole resembling the letter "V". The formation's name is derived from the term that was then used for "V" in the RAF phonetic alphabet.

Pierre Guyotat (9 January 1940 – 7 February 2020) was a French writer.
Hapkeite is a mineral discovered in the Dhofar 280 meteorite found in 2000 in Oman on the Arabian peninsula. The meteorite is believed to originate from the Moon; specifically, it appears to be a fragment of lunar highland breccia. Hapkeite's composition is of silicon and iron, and it is similar to other silicon-iron minerals found on Earth. An impact on the Moon is thought to have launched the partially molten or vaporized material into orbit. 
Clark Stoeckley also known as Clark Clark is an interdisciplinary artist born in the United States. He is currently an Assistant Professor of Art and Graphic Design at American University of Kuwait.[1] and was previously an instructor at Bloomfield College in New Jersey where he taught Painting, Drawing, and Experiments in Digital and Analog Media.[2] He holds an MFA in Performance and Interactive Media Arts from Brooklyn College. 
José Miguel Bermúdez Ríos (born 9 January 1979 in Málaga, Andalusia), sometimes known simply as José, is a Spanish footballer who plays as a goalkeeper.
In model theory, a branch of mathematical logic, a C-minimal theory is a theory that is  "minimal" with respect to a ternary relation C with certain properties. Algebraically closed fields with a (Krull) valuation are perhaps the most important example.
As manager
The Peavey 5150 is a vacuum tube based guitar amplifier made by Peavey Electronics from 1992 on. The amplifier was initially created as a signature model for Eddie Van Halen. After Van Halen and Peavey parted ways in 2004, the name was changed to Peavey 6505. The 5150 name was used again by Van Halen in partnership with Fender under the EVH brand.[1] Peavey's amplifier was renamed to 6505 in celebration of Peavey's 40th anniversary (1965–2005).
Jerónimo Jacinto de Espinosa (1600-1667) was a Spanish Baroque painter. His father was the painter Jerónimo Rodriguez de Espinosa, who had relocated to that area and gotten married there in 1596. He was the third child, of six. His family returned to Valencia in 1612.[1]
Cumston Hall is a historic community building at 796 Main Street in downtown Monmouth, Maine.  Built in 1900, it is one of the most flamboyant examples of wooden Romanesque Revival architecture to be found in a small-town setting in the entire state.  It was a gift to the town of Dr. Charles M. Cumston, and presently houses the local public library and local theatrical companies.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.[1]
Telemeter was an American subscription television service developed by the International Telemeter Corporation, that operated from 1953 to 1967. Telemeter was used on a coin-to-box machine connected to any television set. When the right amount of money was deposited into the box, a scrambled signal sent through coaxial cables was unscrambled and rendered visible.[1]
Natural Selections is the second album by Brad Laner, released on August 24, 2010 through Hometapes.
Richard L. Morrill (born June 4, 1939) has served as president of several American colleges and universities.  He currently holds the positions of Chancellor and Distinguished University Professor of Ethics and Democratic Values at the University of Richmond.
The Elmwood Historic District encompasses two large residential sections of the Elmwood neighborhood of Providence, Rhode Island.  The Elmwood area was mainly farmland until the mid-19th century, when its development as a residential area began, and these two sections represents well-preserved neighborhoods developed between about 1850 and 1920.[2]  The district was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980.[1]
The Tumansky M-87 was a Soviet air-cooled aircraft radial engine that was developed in the late 1930s. It was a development of their licensed Gnome-Rhone 14K engines that started with the M-85.
The Breast Cancer Alliance (BCA) is a non-profit organization that supports breast cancer research, breast cancer-related training for medical professionals and efforts to increase access to cancer screenings and treatment for low-income women. As of 2011, it was the fourth-largest private funder of breast cancer research in the U.S.[1] It was founded in 1996 by Mary Waterman, and its headquarters are in Greenwich, Connecticut.[2]
Waldemar Skrzypczak (born 19 January 1956, in Szczecin) is a Polish general. Polskiy obmorok
Bielice [bjɛˈlit͡sɛ] is a village in Pyrzyce County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland. It is the seat of the gmina (administrative district) called Gmina Bielice.[1] It lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-west of Pyrzyce and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Szczecin.
Adrian R'Mante is an American actor and acting coach best known for his role as Esteban Julio Ricardo Montoya de la Rosa Ramírez in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody.[1]
The 2006–07 Swiss Super League was the 110th season of top-tier football in Switzerland. The competition is officially named AXPO Super League due to sponsoring purposes. It began on 19 July 2006 and has ended on 24 May 2007.
The Fairy of Saint Ménard (German:Die Fee von Saint Ménard) is a 1919 German silent film directed by Erik Lund.[1]
"When I Think About Angels" is a song co-written and recorded by Australian country music artist Jamie O'Neal. It was released in March 2001 as the second single from O'Neal's Shiver album. The song reached Number One on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks (now Hot Country Songs) charts. It also peaked at #35 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100. The song was written by O'Neal, Roxie Dean and Sonny Tillis.
Johann Hast (June 15, 1808 – February 19, 1852) was a German philosopher born in Ottenstein-Ahaus.
The Belmont Bruins baseball team (formerly the Belmont Rebels) is a varsity intercollegiate athletic team of Belmont University in Nashville, Tennessee, United States.[2] The team is a member of the Missouri Valley Conference, which is part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association's Division I. The team plays its home games at E. S. Rose Park in Nashville. The Bruins are coached by Dave Jarvis.
Mendi Mengjiqi is a Kosovo Albanian composer, author of the National anthem of Kosovo".[1] He was born in Lupç i Epërm, District of Pristina.

Barnsley Independent Group is a British political party in Barnsley, England.
Craig Stewart Walker (born September 25, 1960) is a Canadian writer, theatre director, actor and educator.
Thornapple Township is a civil township of Barry County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,884 at the 2010 census.[3] It is the most populous township in Barry County.
Jefferson Gage Thurber (December 30, 1807 – May 6, 1857) was an American lawyer, Democratic politician, and Michigan pioneer.  He was a member of the Michigan Senate and House of Representatives, and served as the 16th speaker of the Michigan House of Representatives in 1851.
The Ontario Reign are a professional ice hockey team in the American Hockey League (AHL) that began play in the 2015–16 season. Based in Ontario, California, and affiliated with the National Hockey League's Los Angeles Kings, the team plays its home games at the Toyota Arena.
Salin Stadium (Burmese: စလင်း အားကစားကွင်း is a multi-use stadium, located in Yangon, Myanmar. The 3,000-seat stadium is smaller but more up-to-date than Aung San Stadium, and is the venue of choice for most national and international level football and track and field competitions.
Fernando Vicente defeated Hicham Arazi 6–2, 3–6, 7–6(7–1) in the final to secure the title.
The Nokia 6 is a Nokia-branded mid-range smartphone running on Android. It is the first smartphone from the Finnish company HMD Global,[a] created through the partial divestment of Nokia's devices division; the first Nokia-branded smartphone since the Lumia 638; and the first Nokia-branded Android smartphone since the short-lived Nokia X2 in 2014.[2][3] The phone was first announced for sale in China on January 8, 2017,[4] with a global version announced the following month.[5][6]
Rugazi is a commune of Bubanza Province in north-western Burundi.
Porohanon is a regional Bisayan language spoken in the Camotes Islands in the province of Cebu in the Philippines. Its closest relatives are Hiligaynon, Capiznon and Masbateño; it is barely intelligible with Cebuano though it shares 87% of its vocabulary with it.[2] It also retains many older features that Cebuano has lost, such as the use of the genitive marker ahead of the second member of a compounded form, the distinction between a definite and indefinite subject marker, and the distinction between a definite genitive marker and a locative one.[1]
Alaska y Mario is a Spanish reality show based on the daily life of Alaska and her husband Mario Vaquerizo. It is produced by El Terrat for Viacom since 2011. The first four seasons aired on MTV Spain, and the fifth season aired on Paramount Network Spain.[1] The show has also been carried on local Spanish-language MTV channels throughout Latin America.
Nam Bo-ra (Korean: 남보라; born November 27, 1989) is a South Korean actress. She appeared in Sunny, Moon Embracing the Sun, and Don't Cry, Mommy.[1][2][3]
Spa-La Sauvenière Airfield (ICAO: EBSP) is a general aviation airfield located in Spa, a municipality of Wallonia (southern Belgium). The field is managed by the regional (Walloon) authority, and is home to the Royal Aéro Para Club de Spa (RAPCS). Paradropping activities are in progress during all the year by the Skydive Spa[2] Company and there is also a company with 1 or 2 helicopters called Heli&Co.
The nearby Francorchamps racetrack attracts a fair amount of air traffic when races are run.


A process model is, in the context of the republic debate in Australia, a model for the process by which the questions surrounding whether and how Australia should become a republic may be answered. A number of process models have been processed. Proposed process models are a subject of debate within the Republicanism movement. Such debate usually surrounds whether the people (via one or more referendum or plebiscite) should be asked to choose between the current system and a general republican system of government, one specific republican system of government, or multiple alternative republican systems of government.
The Lady Wants Mink is a 1953 American comedy film directed by William A. Seiter and written by Dane Lussier and Richard Alan Simmons. The film stars Dennis O'Keefe, Ruth Hussey, Eve Arden, William Demarest, Gene Lockhart and Hope Emerson. The film was released on March 30, 1953, by Republic Pictures.[1][2][3]
Todd Joseph Gumke, better known by his stage name Mr. Hill, is an American hip hop record producer and DJ from Seattle, Washington.[2] Mr. Hill has produced for the likes of Kool Keith,[3] Mr. Lif,[4] Boom Bap Project[5] and Grayskul,[6] among others. He is a member of the Pacific Northwest hip hop collective Oldominion.[7]
I Nyoman Windha is one of the leading musicians and contemporary composers of Balinese gamelan music. He was born at Banjar Kutri, Singapadu, Gianyar, Bali. A graduate of the National Institute of Arts (ISI) in Denpasar, Bali, Windha has been a member of the faculty since 1985. He has composed dozens of compositions for Balinese gamelan in many genres but primarily in kebyar style. His compositions, such as Puspanjali (1989), have been incorporated into the standard repertoire of Balinese performing groups and many have won awards at Bali's annual gamelan competition.
"Major Tom (Coming Home)" (German: Major Tom [völlig losgelöst], 'Major Tom [completely detached]') is a song by singer Peter Schilling from his album Error in the System. With a character unofficially related to "Major Tom", the protagonist of David Bowie's 1969 song "Space Oddity", the song is about the character breaking off contact with ground control and traveling off into space.[1]
Radio opera (German: 'Funkoper' or 'Radiooper') is a genre of opera.  It refers to operas which were specifically composed to be performed on the radio and is not to be confused with broadcasts of operas which were originally written for the stage.  Radio operas were generally shorter than staged operas and some occupied less than fifteen minutes.  Plots were usually more straightforward than those of stage operas.[1]
"Fuego Cruzado" is a song by the singer Thalía released as the third single from the album Mundo de Cristal, in 1992.  The song was released after the controversy caused by the lyrics of the singer's previous single and was successful in the singer's home country.[1]
The merarchēs (Greek: μεράρχης), sometimes Anglicized as merarch, was a Byzantine military rank roughly equivalent to a divisional general.
The South End District is a historic district encompassing a portion of the South End neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts.  It is bounded roughly by the Southwest Corridor Park on the northwest, the Massachusetts Turnpike to the north, Herald Street to the east, AlbanyStreet to the south east, and Massachusetts Avenue to the southwest.  The area's principal development took place 1850–73, and resulted in a neighborhood of what were originally single-family brick or brownstone rowhouses, interspersed with retail and civic buildings, as well as six small parks.  After the Panic of 1873 these properties were for the most part converted to multi-unit housing.[2]
Alfred Wells (May 27, 1814 – July 18, 1867) was a U.S. Representative from New York.
Covoada is a civil parish in the municipality of Ponta Delgada, on the island of São Miguel in the Azores. The population in 2011 was 1,341,[1] in an area of 9.03 km2.[2] It contains the localities Covoada, Nossa Senhora da Graça and Pavões.
Matthew Bernard Herkenhoff (born April 2, 1951) is a former American football offensive tackle in the National Football League. He played for the Kansas City Chiefs between 1976 and 1985.
The hierarchical fair-service curve (HFSC) is a network scheduling algorithm for a network scheduler proposed by Ion Stoica, Hui Zhang and T. S. Eugene from Carnegie Mellon University at SIGCOMM 1997[1][2]
Alfred Blau (born Blois, 29 May 1827, died 23 February 1896) was a French dramatist and opera librettist. He was a cousin of Édouard Blau, another French librettist of the same period.
Mastro Guglielmo (eng. Master William) is the conventional name of an anonymous Italian master of Byzantine painting of the early 12th century and is associated with the crucifix kept and exhibited in the co-cathedral of Santa Maria Assunta in Sarzana on the coast of the Ligurian Sea.[1]
Amorita is a town in Alfalfa County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 37 at the time of the 2010 census.[4]
Piripi Kingi Karawai Patiki (1813–4 October 1881) was a teacher and missionary, who was blind. Of Māori descent, he was a rangatira (chief) of the Ngāpuhi iwi (tribe). He was born near Titoki in the Mangakahia Valley, Northland, New Zealand.[1] Sir William Martin, the first chief justice of New Zealand, said of Piripi Patiki that he resembled the well-known bust of Socrates.[1]
Shively is an unincorporated community located on the Smokehouse Fork of Big Harts Creek in Logan County, West Virginia, United States. Shively is accessed by County Route 3. It is situated 7.2 miles from Harts and 9.3 miles from Chapmanville.[2]
Paulo Alho is a race car driver born in Sesimbra, Portugal on 26 December 1980. He spent three years in Formula Nissan 2000, debuting in 2000, and before that three years in Portuguese Formula Ford. He also spent part of 1999 in Portuguese Formula BMW.
Hakutsuru Fine Art Museum (白鶴美術館, Hakutsuru Bijutsukan) opened in 1934 in Kobe, Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan to display the collection of Kanō Jihei, seventh head of the Hakutsu Sake Brewing Company (白鶴酒造). As such it was one of the first private museums in Japan.[1] The collection of some 1450 items includes two National Treasures and twenty-two Important Cultural Properties.[2]
Guélendeng is a sub-prefecture of Mayo-Kebbi Est Region in Chad.[1][2]
Naomi Osaka defeated Victoria Azarenka in the final, 1–6, 6–3, 6–3 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2020 US Open.[1] It was her second US Open title and third major title overall.[2] Osaka became the first player from an Asian country (excluding Russia) to win three major singles titles, the first player since Jennifer Capriati to win three such titles in three attempts and, at 22 years of age, the youngest player to win three major titles since Maria Sharapova at the 2008 Australian Open. Azarenka, who was in her first major final since the 2013 US Open, was aiming to become the first mother to win a major singles title since Kim Clijsters won the 2011 Australian Open.
The Pișcolt oil field is located in Pișcolt, Satu Mare County, Romania. The oilfield was discovered in 2005 and developed by the Romanian oil company Rompetrol. Production began in 2008, the total proven reserves of the Pișcolt oil field are around 20 million barrels (2.7 million tonnes).  Production is around 500 barrels per day (79 m3/d).[1]
Blödite or bloedite is a hydrated sodium magnesium sulfate mineral with formula: Na2Mg(SO4)2·4H2O.  The mineral is clear to yellow in color often darkened by inclusions and forms monoclinic crystals.
Lieutenant-General Allan Marvin DeQuetteville CMM, CD is a retired Canadian air force general who was Commander, Air Command in Canada from 1995 to 1997.
The 1982 Big Eight men's basketball tournament was held March 2–6 at a combination of on-campus gymnasiums and Kemper Arena in Kansas City, Missouri.[2]
Donald Lee Erickson (December 13, 1931 – August 1, 2012) was an American professional baseball pitcher who appeared in nine games Major League Baseball (MLB) as a relief pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies in September of 1958.[1] Erickson was a native of Springfield, Illinois, and served his country with the United States Army, during the Korean War. He threw and batted right-handed and was listed as 6 feet (1.8 m) tall and 170 pounds (77 kg).
Digeren is a lake in Innlandet county, Norway. The 2.55-square-kilometre (0.98 sq mi) lake lies in the municipality of Kongsvinger and a very small part extends over into Eidskog municipality to the south. The European route E16 highway runs along the north end of the lake, about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the town of Kongsvinger.
Courtney Nagle (born September 29, 1982) is a former American professional tennis player. Her career high doubles ranking is No. 97, set on April 20, 2009. Her career high WTA singles ranking is No. 541, which she reached on August 6, 2007. Nagle retired from professional tennis 2012.
Grigory Leontyevich Valuyev, also spelt as Voluyev (Russian: Григорий Леонтьевич Валуев) (? – after 1623), was a Russian voyevoda, the older of the two sons of Leontiy Valuyev.
"I'm on the Battlefield for My Lord" is a hymn performed by Ethel Caffie-Austin in October 1997 as part of the multi-artist album The Harry Smith Connection: A Live Tribute to the Anthology of American Folk Music.[1][2]
Steganographia is a book on steganography, written in c. 1499 by the German Benedictine abbot and polymath Johannes Trithemius.
Strong Democracy: Participatory Politics for a New Age by Benjamin R. Barber was published by the University of California Press in 1984 and republished in a twentieth anniversary edition in 2004. The book argues that representative or "thin" democracy is rooted in an individualistic "rights" perspective that diminishes the role of citizens in democratic governance. The work offers a theoretical critique of representative or liberal democracy and a foundation for participatory politics. The final chapter elucidates practical ways to apply the theory of strong democracy in large industrial societies.
O'Higgins was a Chilean frigate famous for her actions under Captain Lord Cochrane.
Mohla Khurd or Mohlān Khurd is a village of Gujrat District, Punjab, Pakistan It is located at 32°30'5N 74°4'10E.[1] - 8 km away from the district capital Gujrat also 1.5 km north from river Chenab.
Khurd and Kalan Persian language word which means small and Big respectively when two villages have same name then it is distinguished as Kalan means Big and Khurd means Small with Village Name.
Marcus Soares (born 1960s) is a Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu instructor and member of the Carlson Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Team.[3] He has achieved the rank of 9th degree (9º grau) black belt, the highest level in the sport, and is the only grand master in Canada.[4]
The far-right leagues (French: ligues d'extrême droite) were several French far-right movements opposed to parliamentarism, which mainly dedicated themselves to military parades, street brawls, demonstrations and riots. The term ligue was often used in the 1930s to distinguish these political movements from parliamentary parties. After having appeared first at the end of the 19th century, during the Dreyfus affair, they became common in the 1920s and 1930s, and famously participated in the 6 February 1934 crisis and riots which overthrew the second Cartel des gauches, i.e. the center-left coalition government led by Édouard Daladier.[1]
Kevin Coye (born July 19, 1975) is a retired American soccer defender who played professionally in the USISL.
Arnulf Klett (8 April 1905 in Stuttgart, Kingdom of Württemberg, German Empire - 14 August 1974 on the Bühlerhöhe/Black Forest, Baden-Württemberg) was a German lawyer and politician. He was the first Lord Mayor of Stuttgart after the Second World War (from 1945 until his death in 1974) and has been the Lord mayor with the longest period in office of that city.
The Bolshaya Zolotanka (Russian: Большая Золотанка) is a river in Perm Krai, Russia, a left tributary of the Uls which in turn is a tributary of the Vishera. The river is 19 kilometres (12 mi) long.[1] It flows into the Uls 11 kilometres (7 mi) from the larger river's mouth.
Lee H. Skolnick (born September 17, 1953 in New York City) is an architect and the Founding Partner and Design Principal of SKOLNICK Architecture + Design Partnership, a New York-based design firm specializing in both cultural/institutional and private residential projects.[1]
Andrew Evans is an American travel writer, author and television host.[1][2]
The Eugene Towbin House is a historic house at 16 Broadview Drive in Little Rock, Arkansas.  It was built in 1960 to a design by Hollis Beck, and is a good local example of Mid-Century Modern architecture.  It is a single-story frame structure, its walls finished in vertical board siding and resting on a concrete block foundation.  It is covered by a low-pitch side-facing gabled roof with deep eaves.  The roof extends to the right beyond the main block to also shelter a carport.  Eugene Towbin, for whose family the house was built, was a prominent physician in Little Rock.[2]
Sermiers (French pronunciation: ​[sɛʁmje]) is a commune in the Marne department in north-eastern France.

The 2015–16 Big 12 men's basketball season was the 20th season of basketball for the Big 12 Conference. Team practices began in October 2015, followed by the start of the regular season on November 13. Conference play began on January 2, 2016, and concluded on March 5. Kansas won their 12th straight Big 12 regular season championship by finishing 33–5 overall and 15–3 in conference play, two games ahead of second-place West Virginia. The 2016 Big 12 men's basketball tournament took place from March 9–12, 2016 at the Sprint Center in Kansas City. Kansas won the tournament for the 10th time in school history.
Mount Breckinridge is a mountain, 2,050 metres (6,730 ft) high, standing 4 nautical miles (7 km) south of Stor Hånakken Mountain in the Napier Mountains of Enderby Land, Antarctica.  It was mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition of 1936–37, and was named "Langnuten" (the long peak).  It was rephotographed by the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions in 1956 and renamed by the Antarctic Names Committee of Australia for J.E. Breckinridge a meteorologist at Wilkes Station in 1961.[1]

Val-du-Faby (French pronunciation: ​[val dy fabi]; Occitan: Fan e Rovenac) is a commune in the Aude department in southern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2019 by merger of the former communes of Fa and Rouvenac.[3]
Felice Giuseppe Vertua, (1820 - 1862)  was an Italian painter. Vertua painted vedute with genre scenes and views of Cremona.
Coldenhoff is a Dutch surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Skate or Die: Tour de Thrash is a 1991 skateboarding video game for the Game Boy that was released only in North America. It was sponsored by Santa Cruz Skateboards.[citation needed]
The 1879 college football season had no clear-cut champion, with the Official NCAA Division I Football Records Book listing Princeton and Yale having been selected as national champions.[1]
The Unihertz Jelly (also the enhanced model, Unihertz Jelly Pro) is an Android smartphone developed by Unihertz, which billed it as "the smallest 4G smartphone" upon its release in 2017. It was initially developed with a successful Kickstarter project which reached its $30,000 goal in just 57 minutes, and eventually raised over $1.25 million.[1][2] The Unihertz Jelly Pro is still currently available for sale in over 60 countries, including major retailers.
[3][4]
A plebiscite for the ratification of the organic act creating the Cordillera Autonomous Region was held on January 30, 1990, to ask if the voters in the Cordillera Administrative Region wanted to be an autonomous region under Republic Act No. 6766. The Cordillera Administrative Region (CAR) consists of the provinces of Abra, Benguet, Ifugao, Kalinga-Apayao, and Mountain Province, and the city of Baguio. Only Ifugao voted in favor of autonomy, and a Supreme Court case later disallowed the creation of an autonomous region with just one province.
Expected shortfall (ES) is a risk measure—a concept used in the field of financial risk measurement to evaluate the market risk or credit risk of a portfolio. The "expected shortfall at q% level" is the expected return on the portfolio in the worst 



q
%


{\displaystyle q\%}

 of cases. ES is an alternative to value at risk that is more sensitive to the shape of the tail of the loss distribution.
KAI RQ-101 Night Intruder is a military UAV of the South-Korean armed forces. It is the first Korean in-house development in the field of unmanned aerial technology. The manufacturer is Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI).
Aisin Gioro Mianzhi (爱新觉罗·绵志; 3 May 1768 - 19 May 1834) was Qing dynasty imperial prince and Qianlong Emperor's grandson.
Dehnel is a surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Ohe is a river of Lower Saxony, Germany. At its confluence with the Marka west of Friesoythe, the river Sagter Ems is formed.
Maurice Pate (October 14, 1894 – January 19, 1965) was an American humanitarian and businessman. Pate served as the first executive director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) from 1947 until his death in 1965, after being proposed by the Chairman Ludwik Rajchman.[1]
Adela Gáborová (2 March 1940 – 12 July 2007) was a Slovak actress. She was associated with the Andrej Bagar Theatre for 44 years.[1] Gáborová won in the category of Best Actress at the 1999 DOSKY Awards, for her performances as Lady Macbeth in the play Macbeth.[2] She died after a long illness at the age of 67 in 2007.[3]
Charles Fey (born August Fey in Vöhringen, Kingdom of Bavaria; September 9, 1862 [1] – November 10, 1944) was a San Francisco mechanic best known for inventing the slot machine.
Argulica (Macedonian: Аргулица) is a village in the municipality of Karbinci, North Macedonia.
Antonio Longás Ferrer (born 24 August 1984) is a Spanish former professional footballer who played as a central midfielder.
Selma Kurz (15 October 1874 – 10 May 1933) was an Austrian operatic dramatic coloratura soprano known for her brilliant coloratura technique.
Combined Task Force Iraqi  Maritime or CTF IM (before 2009 known as Combined Task Force 158[1]) was an international naval task group, established as a result of Operation Iraqi Freedom. It consisted of naval assets from the United States Navy and Coast Guard, the Royal Australian Navy and the Royal Navy, working alongside elements of the Iraqi Navy and the Iraqi Marines. It reported to the Coalition Maritime Component Commander in Bahrain.
Sinonasal undifferentiated carcinoma is a rare aggressive type of cancer that arises from epithelium or lining of the nose or sinuses.[1]
Imprimis is the monthly speech digest of Hillsdale College, published by the Center for Constructive Alternatives.[1] Salon.com described it as "the most influential conservative publication you've never heard of."[2] Its name is Latin, meaning both 'in the first place' and the second person singular of the verb to print.
Dunga Gali is one of the towns of the Galyat area of Ayubia National Park, at an altitude of 2,500 metres (8,200 ft)  in northern Pakistan. Dunga Gali is located in Nathia Gali Union Council (subdivision) of Abbottabad District in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province.[1] It is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from Nathia Gali.[2]
Cortes (from the Latin term cohors[1][2]) were political bodies of a parliamentary, consultative and deliberative character in traditional monarchies, or on their behalf; and the different social classes established in three Orders: the First Estate, which corresponded to the branch of the clergy; the Second Estate, which was the branch of the nobility; and the Third Estate, which was the branch of the people. 
Amphibious fish are fish that are able to leave water for extended periods of time. About 11 distantly related genera of fish are considered amphibious. This suggests that many fish genera independently evolved amphibious traits, a process known as convergent evolution. These fish use a range of terrestrial locomotory modes, such as lateral undulation, tripod-like walking (using paired fins and tail), and jumping. Many of these locomotory modes incorporate multiple combinations of pectoral-, pelvic-, and tail-fin movement.
Prevera[1]  is one of 12 parishes (administrative divisions) in Carreño, a municipality within the province and autonomous community of Asturias, in northern Spain.
The gens Oppia was an ancient Roman family, known from the first century of the Republic down to imperial times.  The gens may originally have been patrician, as they supplied priestesses to the College of Vestals at a very early date, but all of the Oppii known to history were plebeians.  None of them obtained the consulship until imperial times.[1]
The 1998 FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women was the 5th FIBA Africa Under-18 Championship for Women, played under the rules of FIBA, the world governing body for basketball, and the FIBA Africa thereof. The tournament was hosted by Senegal from August 15 to 22, 1999.
Tom Erlandson (born March 24, 1940) is a former professional American football player who played linebacker for seven seasons for the Denver Broncos, Miami Dolphins, and San Diego Chargers. He is the father of Tom Erlandson.[1]
Major General Emmett R. Titshaw, Jr. is a retired officer in the United States Air Force and the Air National Guard of the United States. He was the acting director of the Air National Guard from 17 November 2008 to 2 February 2009. He later served the Adjutant General for the State of Florida until his retirement from military service in March 2015.[1][2][3]

Low Reef (54°30′S 37°0′W﻿ / ﻿54.500°S 37.000°W﻿ / -54.500; -37.000) is a reef extending for 1 nautical mile (2 km) from the east end of Annenkov Island, which lies off South Georgia in the South Atlantic. The name "Low Rock" appeared on a 1931 Admiralty chart for the northeastern rock of this reef. The South Georgia Survey, 1956–57, reported that it was the reef which required a name to distinguish it from nearby Hauge Reef.[1]
Touffreville-la-Cable (French pronunciation: ​[tufʁəvil la kabl]) is a former commune in the Seine-Maritime department in the Normandy region in northern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Port-Jérôme-sur-Seine.[2]
Frank W. Gibb (died 1932)[1] was an architect in Little Rock, Arkansas.[2]
The 2020 United States Olympic Team Trials for wrestling were held at the Dickies Arena of Fort Worth, Texas, on April 2–3, 2021.[1] This event determined the representative of the United States of America for the 2020 Summer Olympics at each Olympic weight class.[2] Originally scheduled to take place at the Bryce Jordan Center in University Park, Pennsylvania and on April 4–5, 2020, this event was postponed by the United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee and USA Wrestling on March 13, 2020, along with the 2020 Summer Olympics due to the COVID-19 pandemic.[3]
The Nokondi Cup is a league competition where eight teams in the Eastern Highlands region of Papua New Guinea play rugby league. The league was thought up by The Papua New Guinea Rugby Football League (PNGRFL) in late 2006/early 2007 after other regions of Papua New Guinea created local leagues. The season runs from March to November with the first being in 2007. There were also similar competitions for 'A' teams, and under 16 teams.
Frank's Place is an American comedy-drama series that aired on CBS for 22 episodes during the 1987-1988 television season. The series was created by Hugh Wilson and executive produced by Wilson and series star and fellow WKRP in Cincinnati alumnus Tim Reid.
Atelier de Production et de Création, or A.P.C., is a French ready-to-wear brand founded in 1987 by the Tunisian Jewish fashion designer Jean Touitou in Paris.
The ZEC D'Iberville is a "zone d'exploitation contrôlée" (controlled harvesting zone) (ZEC) in the municipality of Longue-Rive, in the La Haute-Côte-Nord Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Côte-Nord, in Quebec, in Canada.
El Siglo de Torreón is a Mexican daily newspaper based in Comarca Lagunera, Mexico. It was founded in 1922 in Torreón, Coahuila by Antonio de Juambelz y Bracho under the direction of Joaquin Moreno.[1][2]
The counting lemmas this article discusses are statements in combinatorics and graph theory. The first one extracts information from 



ϵ


{\displaystyle \epsilon }

-regular pairs of subsets of vertices in a graph 



G


{\displaystyle G}

, in order to guarantee patterns in the entire graph; more explicitly, these patterns correspond to the count of copies of a certain graph 



H


{\displaystyle H}

 in 



G


{\displaystyle G}

. The second counting lemma provides a similar yet more general notion on the space of graphons, in which a scalar of the cut distance between two graphs is correlated to the homomorphism density between them and 



H


{\displaystyle H}

.
The Hôtel de Galliffet is a historic hôtel particulier in the 7th arrondissement of Paris, France.
Location: 48°15′4″N 16°18′5″E﻿ / ﻿48.25111°N 16.30139°E﻿ / 48.25111; 16.30139
Switch is the first album by R&B band, Switch, released in 1978. It is also their first on the Motown subsidiary Gordy. After recording as White Heat and Hot Ice, this gave them the commercial breakthrough they desired with hits like "There'll Never Be" and "I Wanna Be Closer".
Diversity marketing, also known as inclusive marketing, inclusion marketing, or in-culture marketing, is a marketing paradigm which sees marketing (and especially marketing communications) as a way to connect with the different individuals in the market. 
Awami League (Urdu: عوامی لیگ; Bengali: আওয়ামী লীগ) was a Pakistani political party founded by Huseyn Shaheed Suhrawardy in February 1950. Pir of Manki Sharif and Khan Ghulam Mohammad Khan from the North-West Frontier Province (NWFP) joined it soon afterwards.[1][2]
Swędrowski, feminine: Swędrowska is a Polish-language surname. Notable people with this surname include:
Ugo-Yotsuya Station (羽後四ツ屋駅, Ugo-Yotsuya-eki) is a railway station located in the city of Daisen, Akita Prefecture, Japan, operated by JR East.
The Kunya (Russian: Ку́нья) is a river in Kunyinsky, Velikoluksky, and Loknyansky Districts of Pskov Oblast, Toropetsky District of Tver Oblast, and Kholmsky District of Novgorod Oblast in Russia. It is a major right tributary of the Lovat. It is 258 kilometres (160 mi) long, and the area of its basin 5,143 square kilometres (1,986 sq mi).[2] The town of Kholm is located in the mouth of the Kunya. The principal tributaries of the Kunya are the Oka, the Serezha, the Maly Tuder, and the Bolshoy Tuder (all from the right).
Amy Gutman (born 1960) is an American novelist. Born in Ann Arbor, Michigan, she graduated from Harvard College magna cum laude, and thereafter became a journalist, working at the Wilson Quarterly in Washington, DC, and The Tennessean in Nashville, Tennessee. She then worked in several positions for newspapers in Mississippi before co-founding the Mississippi Teacher Corps. She then attended Harvard Law School, graduating in 1993 and working for the firms Cravath, Swaine & Moore and Parcher, Hayes & Snyder in New York City. In 2001, she published her first novel, Equivocal Death. her second, The Anniversary, was published in 2003. She currently[when?] works in alumni relations for Harvard Law School.
Anis Gallali (born 15 July 1972) is a retired Tunisian long jumper.
Eisenhower
Arthur H. Soden (April 23, 1843 – August 13, 1925) was an American executive in Major League Baseball who was the president/owner of the Boston Base Ball Club of the National League[b] during the 1887–1906 seasons, president of the National League in 1882, and a Civil War veteran.
The Telfair County School District is a public school district in Telfair County, Georgia, United States, based in McRae. It serves the communities of Helena, Jacksonville, Lumber City, McRae, Milan, and Scotland. First established as McRae Public School, December 16, 1897, as recorded in the Acts of the General Assembly of The State of Georgia, published 1898.
Manuchehrabad (Persian: منوچهراباد, also Romanized as Manūchehrābād)[1] is a village in Dorudfaraman Rural District, in the Central District of Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 618, in 137 families.[2]
Ştefan Stîngu (19 May 1941 – 2009) was a Romanian wrestler who competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.[1]
44°55′02″N 0°04′54″W﻿ / ﻿44.91712°N 0.08161°W﻿ / 44.91712; -0.08161

Procida Bucalossi (1832–1918) and his son Ernest Bucalossi (27 May 1863 – 15 April 1933[1]) were British-Italian light music composers and orchestral arrangers. It is difficult to differentiate their compositions and arrangements, which are often simply credited as Bucalossi.[2]
Ukrspecexport (Ukrainian: Укрспецекспорт, an abbreviation of "Ukrainian Special Export") is a Ukrainian state-owned arms trading company and part of the state conglomerate Ukrainian Defense Industry. Ukrspecexport was formed in November 1996 by merging Ukroboronservice and Ukrinmash. It is a subsidiary of Ukroboronprom.
A referendum on repealing changes made to the law on the sale of public property was held in San Marino on 27 March 2011.[1] It was approved by 12,166 voters, passing the 32% quorum of registered voters (10,522) required.[1]
The Stade Geest (German: Stader Geest; Northern Low Saxon: Stoder Geest) is a natural region of low, sandy heath (geest) in the North German Plain.
The Trad class was a class of nine torpedo boats built for the Royal Thai Navy in the 1930s by the Italian shipbuilder Cantieri Riuniti dell'Adriatico. They entered service between 1935 and 1938. Two of the ships were sunk (and a third badly damaged by French warships at the Battle of Ko Chang in 1941, but the remaining seven ships had long careers, remaining in service until the 1970s.
Moderne Kunstkring (Modern Art Circle) was a progressive artists' club and society of Dutch artists founded in 1910 by the painter and critic Conrad Kickert [nl] with Jan Sluijters.[1] Each year Moderne Kunstkring curated an exhibition of Dutch and foreign avant-garde art.
505 Marquette Avenue NW (originally known as the National Building) is a high-rise office building located at 505 Marquette Avenue NW in Downtown Albuquerque, New Mexico. It was the tallest building in New Mexico upon its completion[2] and remained the holder of that title until the completion of the Albuquerque Plaza towers in 1990, making it currently the third tallest. It is 238 feet (73 m) tall and has 18 stories, the lowest six of which are occupied by a parking garage. With the rooftop antennas included it reaches a height of 272 feet (83 m).[4]
Suflí is a municipality of Almería province, in the autonomous community of Andalusia, Spain. Suflí is known for a product of tomatoes and peppers that's roasted and bottled in a nearby factory called fritá.[2]
Benedict Joseph Zientara (February 14, 1918 – April 16, 1985) was a professional baseball infielder. He played all or part of four seasons in Major League Baseball (1941, 1946–48), playing mainly as a second baseman for the Cincinnati Reds. Listed at 5 ft 9 in (1.75 m), 165 lb., he batted and threw right-handed. 
Teldeniya Town is a village in Sri Lanka. It is located within the Central Province and about 20 kilometers from Kandy town. Teldeniya town was originally located at a slightly different location from today's location. It was submerged in water when building the Victoria Dam and the remains of the old town still emerges in drought seasons.
Milton Parker Scott (January 17, 1861 – November 3, 1938), nicknamed "Mikado Milt", was an American professional baseball player whose career spanned from 1882 to 1889. He appeared in 341 Major League Baseball games over four seasons as a first baseman for the Chicago White Stockings (one game, 1882), Detroit Wolverines (148 games, 1884–85), Pittsburgh Alleghenys (55 games, 1885) and Baltimore Orioles (137 games, 1886).  He compiled a .228 batting average with 42 doubles, 10 triples, five home runs, and 132 RBIs.[1]
Mayan (or Mayan EDMS) is a web-based free/libre document management system for managing documents within an organization.
[4] All functionality is available in its free public version.[5][6]
It has an active community of volunteers[7][8] and third-party service and support providers.[9]
What's Funk? is the thirteenth studio album by Grand Funk Railroad, released in 1983.[5] Though the band have continued to tour throughout the years, this stands as their most recent album to date.
Vebjørn Sand (born March 11, 1966, in Bærum) is a Norwegian painter and artist. He is known for his paintings as well as his public arts projects, such as the Da Vinci Project, and the Kepler Star monument (Norwegian Peace Star) at Oslo Airport, Gardermoen.[1]
Grace "Gaye" Teresa Funston (1900-1984)[1] was an Australian musician and, along with her sister Sella Funston, a member of the all-female dance band the Magpies Ladies Orchestra in 1913.[2]
Iwade (岩出市, Iwade-shi) is a city located in Wakayama Prefecture, Japan.  As of 1 November 2021[update], the city had an estimated population of 54,138 in 23906 households and a population density of 1400 persons per km².[1] The total area of the city is 38.51 square kilometres (14.87 sq mi). 
I Never Once Stopped Loving You  is a fourteenth solo studio album by American country singer Connie Smith. It was released in September 1970 on RCA Victor and contained ten tracks. The collection mixed original material with covers of previously-recorded songs. Three singles were included on the album: "You and Your Sweet Love", the title track and "Louisiana Man". Both "You and Your Sweet Love" and the title track reached the top ten on the American country songs chart in 1970. The album itself charted in the top 20 of the American country LP's survey. Billboard magazine gave the LP a positive response following its original release.
Miss Thailand World 2018 was the 28th edition of the Miss Thailand World auditioned on July 21-July 22, 2018.[1] Pageant held at The Berkeley Pratunam Hotel in Bangkok[2] on 15 September 2018. Jinnita Buddee from Chiang Rai crowned her successor at the end of the event.
Pharr-San Juan-Alamo (PSJA) Southwest High School is a public school in Pharr, Texas (United States). It is part of the Pharr-San Juan-Alamo Independent School District and is one of the district's six high schools.
Noir is a science fiction novel by K. W. Jeter, published in 1998.[1] It uses the conventions of film noir – the alienated, doomed hero, the cynical private detective, the femme fatale, universal corruption and moral breakdown – to portray a dystopian vision of capitalism run riot.
William Freeborn (December 13, 1816 – June 3, 1900)[1] was a pioneer in Minnesota, Montana, and California. Freeborn County, Minnesota is named in his honor.[2][3]
Bashtown is the fourth studio album, and eighth album overall, released by the American hip hop recording artist Baby Bash. Released on March 22, 2011, it is the first of his albums to be released on Upstairs Records. Bashtown was produced by Jim Jonsin, Printz Board, Happy Perez, Mickaël, J. Lacy, & C-Ballin and has vocal guests E-40, Paul Wall, Slim Thug, Jay Rock, Marty James, The Jacka, Z-Ro, Krizz Kaliko, Lucky Luciano and Lloyd among others. According to Baby Bash, the album was recorded entirely in 2010, although many singles and the album were released in 2011.
Lotte Bagge  (born 21 May 1968) is a Danish footballer who played as a midfielder for the Denmark women's national football team. She was part of the team at the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup, UEFA Women's Euro 1991 and UEFA Women's Euro 1993. At the club level, she played for B 1909 in Denmark.[1]
Michael J. Stickman is the First Chief of the Nulato Tribal Council,[1][2] an Athabaskan tribe in Nulato, Alaska. [3] Stickman, who is Koyukon Athabascan, is seated on the Arctic Council.[4] He also serves as the director of Nulato Hills Enterprises, the for-profit enterprise of the Nulato Tribal Council that provides transportation services, language education, and business planning.[5]
Solar irradiance is the power per unit area (surface power density) received from the Sun in the form of electromagnetic radiation in the wavelength range of the measuring instrument. 
Solar irradiance is measured in watts per square metre (W/m2) in SI units.
"It's Too Late" is a song written and sung by Bobby Goldsboro, which he recorded on October 15, 1965, and released on January 7, 1966.[1] Ray Stevens contributes the harmony vocals in the chorus.  The song spent 8 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at No. 23,[2] while reaching No. 5 on Canada's RPM 100.[3]
The Order of Ismoili Somoni (Tajik: Ордени Исмоили Сомонӣ) is Tajikistan's highest distinction.[1] It is named after Isma'il ibn Ahmad, also known as Ismoili Somoni.[2]
Ragged Island is a 23 km2 (8.9 sq mi) island and district in the southern Bahamas. Ragged Island is part of the Jumentos Cays and Ragged Island Chain. The crescent-shaped chain measures over 180 km (110 mi) in length and includes cays known as Raccoon Cay, Hog Cay and Double-Breasted Cay. Island ownership is stated to have been granted to William George Lockhart some time in the 18th century. On 8 September 2017, Duncan Town took a direct hit from Hurricane Irma.
Truskolasy-Lachy (Pronounced: [truskɔˈlasɨ ˈlaxɨ]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sokoły, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
 Khuru  is a town in Punakha District in central-western Bhutan. Khuru literally means "Darts" in Bhutan.
Wojny-Pogorzel (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvɔjnɨ pɔˈɡɔʐɛl]) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Szepietowo, within Wysokie Mazowieckie County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
Claus Heim (often incorrectly spelled Klaus Heim) (born March 24, 1884, in Sankt Annen, Dithmarschen; died January 1, 1968 on his farm in Dithmarschen) was a German farmer and political activist. Alongside Wilhelm Hamkens, Heim was the most important leader of the Schleswig-Holstein Rural People's Movement (Landvolkbewegung).
Frederick Jerome Work (c. 1879 - 1942) was a collector, arranger ("harmonizer"), and composer of songs in the United States.[1] He was part of a family of musicians[2] and published a collection of "Negro spirituals" with his brother John Wesley Work.
Marin de la Vallée, bourgeois de Paris [fr], juré du Roy en l'office de massonnerye, architecte des bastiments de la Royne mère, (c. 1560 in Paris, died in May 1655 in Paris)[1] was a 16th/17th-century French architect (master mason).
Varzesh 3 (Persian: ورزش ۳), is an Iranian sports news website that was launched in 2010.
Lucio Silla (Italian: [ˈluːtʃo ˈsilla]), K. 135, is an Italian opera seria in three acts composed by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart at the age of 16. The libretto was written by Giovanni de Gamerra, revised by Pietro Metastasio.
Gap junction proteins
The 2017–18 Verbandspokal, (English: 2017–18 Association Cup) consisted of twenty one regional cup competitions, the Verbandspokale, the qualifying competition for the 2018–19 DFB-Pokal, the German Cup.[1]
The 2023 ARCA Menards Series West is the 70th season of the ARCA Menards Series West, a regional stock car racing series sanctioned by NASCAR in the United States. The season began on March 10 at Phoenix Raceway with the General Tire 150 and will end with the Desert Diamond Casino West Valley 100, also at Phoenix Raceway, on November 3.
CFGI-FM is a Canadian radio station, airing at 92.3 FM in Georgina Island, Ontario. Licensed by the CRTC in 2001,[1] the station airs a community radio format for the area's First Nations community. The station originally began broadcasting at 102.7 FM.
Group B will be one of eight groups of the preliminary round of the 2023 FIBA Basketball World Cup. It will take place from 26 to 30 August 2023 and consists of South Sudan, Serbia, China, and Puerto Rico.[1][2] Each team will play each other once, for a total of three games per team, with all games to be played at the Araneta Coliseum, Quezon City, Philippines. The top two teams will advance to the second round and the bottom two teams will qualify for the classification rounds.[3]
Saint-Basile (Marcotte) Aerodrome (TC LID: CTR6) is located 1.7 nautical miles (3.1 km; 2.0 mi) north of Saint-Basile, Quebec, Canada.
Hausmannstätten (German: [ˌhaʊ̯smanˈʃ͡tɛtn̩]) is a municipality in the district of Graz-Umgebung in the Austrian state of Styria.
The MADDIDA (Magnetic Drum Digital Differential Analyzer) was a special-purpose digital computer used for solving systems of ordinary differential equations.[1]  It was the first computer to represent bits using voltage levels and whose entire logic was specified in Boolean algebra.[2] 
Invented by Floyd Steele, MADDIDA was developed at Northrop Aircraft Corporation between 1946 and 1949 to be used as a guidance system for the Snark missile.  No guidance system, however, resulted from the work on the MADDIDA, and rather it was used for aeronautical research.[3][4]  In 1952, the MADDIDA became the world's top-selling commercial digital computer (albeit a special-purpose machine), six units having been sold.[5] (The general-purpose UNIVAC I delivered its seventh unit in 1954.)
Zoran Ćirjaković (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Ћирјаковић; born 22 December 1965) is a Serbian journalist, author, academic researcher, world traveler and former university professor. He is a former correspondent for Newsweek and the Los Angeles Times, as well as a lecturer at the Faculty of Media and Communication of Singidunum University.
George Vernadsky (Russian: Гео́ргий Влади́мирович Верна́дский; August 20, 1887 – June 12, 1973) was a Russian Empire-born American historian and an author of numerous books on Russian history.
Mount Pleasant Township is an inactive township in Scotland County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
Udit Narayan (1960 – 21 June 2017) was a Fijian politician of Indian descent. He represented the Lautoka Rural Indian Communal Constituency, one of 19 reserved for Indo-Fijians, which he held for the Fiji Labour Party (FLP) in the parliamentary elections of 2001 with more than 71 percent of the vote.
Qyntel Deon Woods (born February 16, 1981) is an American former professional basketball player. He played mainly at the small forward position, but he also played at the shooting guard position, on occasion.
Philip Baker   (September 19, 1856 – June 4, 1940) was an American first baseman, outfielder and catcher in Major League Baseball from 1883–1886. He played in the minors from 1878–1889, with the exception of 1880–1882 when he was blacklisted.[citation needed] Before Baker got blacklisted from the MLB he started his career in the Baltimore Orioles organization, where he spent one year playing (AA) then he went on and played for the Washington Nationals. He played his last game in the majors when he was 29 years old, then returned to the minors to finish his career at the age of 33.
Peltola is a district in the Uittamo-Skanssi ward of the city of Turku, in Finland. It is located in the southeast of the city, and consists mostly of industrial area. There is also a vocational school in Peltola, and many people refer to it simply as 'Peltola'.
Sheykh Shams ol Din (Persian: شيخ شمس الدين, also Romanized as Sheykh Shams ol Dīn; also known as Sheykh Shamseddīn)[1] is a village in Shahid Modarres Rural District, in the Central District of Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 899, in 169 families.[2]
Customer equity is the total combined customer lifetime values of all of the company's customers.[1] It is calculated by multiplying the number of customers by the average value of each customer. Customer equity is important because it reflects the potential future revenue that a company can generate from its existing customer base.
Digerudgrunnen Lighthouse (Norwegian: Digerudgrunnen fyr) was a coastal lighthouse in the inner Oslofjord, in the municipality of Frogn in Viken, Norway. It was established in 1871, and closed in 1975. The lighthouse is demolished.[1][2]
Stefano Conti was an Italian 18th century merchant from Lucca, known for his expansive collection and patronage of contemporary Italian artists. He began his collection at age 50 in 1705, and utilized Alessandro Marchesini as his agent in Venice.
Natsuiro Kiseki (夏色キセキ, A Summer-Colored Miracle) is a Japanese anime television series produced by Sunrise and directed by Seiji Mizushima. The series aired on MBS between April and June 2012. A manga adaptation illustrated by Tatsuhiko was serialized in Square Enix's Young Gangan magazine between January 2012 and March 2013.
Badr Shakir al Sayyab (Arabic: بدر شاكر السياب) (December 24, 1926 in Jaykur, near Basra – December 24, 1964 in Kuwait)[1] was an Iraqi poet who is considered one of the most influential Arab poets of all time. His works have been translated into more than 10 languages including English, Persian, Somali and Urdu.
Kim Byung-hoon (born 22 October 1982) is a South Korean field hockey player who competed in the 2008 Summer Olympics.[1]
Stephen Charles Fonyo Jr. (June 29, 1965 – February 18, 2022) was a Canadian runner with an artificial leg who was a nationally renowned fundraiser for cancer research and treatment, and a former Member of the Order of Canada.
Kestler is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The coat of arms of Moldova is the national emblem of the Republic of Moldova.
Jákfa is a village located in Vas County in western Hungary with an area of 20.11 km² and a population of 540. Jákfa is 35 km from Szombathely.
"Rain Shower", also "Shower" or "Sonagi," (소나기) is a Korean short story written by Korean writer Hwang Sun-won in 1952. A sonagi is a brief but heavy rain shower that starts suddenly, usually on a hot afternoon. In Hwang’s story, the rain shower symbolizes the short but heart-rending love between the boy and the girl. The story begins with the boy encountering the girl playing by the stream on his way back home.
R. B. Lemberg (born Rose Lemberg; born 27 September 1976) is a queer, bigender, and autistic[1] Ukrainian-American author, poet, and editor of speculative fiction.[2] [3]  Their[n.b. 1] work has appeared in publications such as Lightspeed, Strange Horizons, Beneath Ceaseless Skies, Sisters of the Revolution: A Feminist Speculative Fiction Anthology, Uncanny Magazine, and Transcendent 3: The Year's Best Transgender Speculative Fiction 2017.[3][4][5][6]
The 2020 WNBA Finals, officially WNBA Finals 2020 presented by YouTube TV for sponsorship reasons, was the best-of-five championship series for the 2020 season of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA).  The Finals feature the top seeded Las Vegas Aces facing off against the second seed Seattle Storm.[1]  Despite losing both regular season meetings against Las Vegas, the Storm dominated the series, sweeping the Aces in three straight games.  Led by Finals MVP Breanna Stewart, Seattle won all three games by double-digits, claiming their second title in three years and fourth in franchise history.
Novo-Georgiyevskoye (Russian: Ново-Георгиевское) is a rural locality (a selo) in Kichmegnskoye Rural Settlement, Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 10 as of 2002.[2]
The Unpleasant World of Penn & Teller is a British magic show presented by Penn & Teller in 1994 on Channel 4.[1] The show featured segments deconstructing magic tricks, while performing some of their signature comedy magic stunts, essentially introducing the pair to a British audience. The first or middle segments would always feature a British celebrity like Stephen Fry or John Cleese. Another running gag that ended each episode was one where the pair would promise the audience that they never did any camera tricks for their magic, with the gag being that, at that moment, a camera trick would be done to the TV audience.
Heart Shaped World is the debut studio album of American country music singer Jessica Andrews.  It was released on March 23, 1999, and it produced four singles on the Hot Country Songs charts: "I Will Be There for You", "You Go First (Do You Wanna Kiss)", "Unbreakable Heart", and "I Do Now".[2][3] "I Will Be There for You" was also included on the Nashville soundtrack to the 1998 film The Prince of Egypt.[4] "Unbreakable Heart" was originally recorded by Carlene Carter on her 1993 album Little Love Letters.[5]
Mark David Bright (born December 22, 1959) is an American country music producer, songwriter, and publishing company executive based in Nashville.[1] His peers call Bright "one of the architects of the modern contemporary country sound".[2] Bright's most noted success in producing records has been with the country acts BlackHawk, Rascal Flatts, and Carrie Underwood, but he has produced recordings for many artists including Reba McEntire, Sara Evans, Scotty McCreery, Lonestar, Peter Cetera, Brad Paisley, Luke Bryan, and Keith Urban[3]
Baumschlager-Eberle is a partnership of architects in Austria.[1]
The Victor A. Prather Award is an award established by the American Astronautical Society "to promote understanding of high altitude environment on humans." It is awarded to "researchers, engineers and flight crew members in the field of extravehicular protection or activity in space."
FTC v. Motion Picture Advertising Service Co., 344 U.S. 392 (1953), (the MPAS case)[1] was a 1953 decision of the United States Supreme Court in which the Court held that, where exclusive output contracts used by one company "and the three other major companies have foreclosed to competitors 75 percent of all available outlets for this business throughout the United States" the practice is "a device which has sewed up a market so tightly for the benefit of a few [that it] falls within the prohibitions of the Sherman Act, and is therefore an 'unfair method of competition' " under § 5 of the FTC Act.[2] In so ruling, the Court extended the analysis under § 3 of the Clayton Act of requirements contracts that it made in the Standard Stations case to output contracts brought under the Sherman or FTC Acts.[3]

This is a list of notable software for version control.
Regiel [ˈrɛɡʲɛl] (German: Regeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Ełk and 128 km (80 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Beketovo (Russian: Бекетово) is a rural locality (a selo) and the administrative centre of Beketovsky Selsoviet, Yermekeyevsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 477 as of 2010.[2] There are 7 streets.
Zhenping County (simplified Chinese: 镇平县; traditional Chinese: 鎮平縣; pinyin: Zhènpíng Xiàn) is a county in the southwest of Henan province, China. It is under the administration of the prefecture-level city of Nanyang.
Arvij (Persian: ارویج, also Romanized as Arvīj; also known as Ārbīj, Arvīch, Arbīch, Ārwīch, and Azvench)[1] is a village in Kahshang Rural District, in the Central District of Birjand County, South Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2016 census, its population was 46, in 18 families.[2]
Ruth's Hotel (Danish: Ruths Hotel) is a historic hotel in the Højen district of Skagen in the far North of Jutland, Denmark. Named after its founders, Emma and Hans Christian Ruth, who opened it as Badepensionat Vesterhus in 1904, the establishment has now gained a reputation not only for comfort but for its French Brasserie restaurant run by Michel Michaud,[1] said to be Skagen's best.[2] Ruth's Hotel also contains a Gourmet Restaurant ("Ruths Gourmet") and a wellness center.[3]
Kajetan Sosnowski (1913–1987) was a Polish abstract painter.
The Price You Got to Pay to Be Free is an album by the Cannonball Adderley Quintet recorded, in part, at the 1970 Monterey Jazz Festival. A portion of the performance is memorialized in the 1971 Clint Eastwood movie Play Misty For Me. Additional "live in-studio" tracks were recorded the following month at the Capitol Records Tower, in Hollywood, to stretch the Monterey material into a double album. The album features Adderley with brother Nat Adderley, Joe Zawinul, Walter Booker and Roy McCurdy and guest appearances by Bob West and Cannon's 15-year-old nephew Nat Adderley Jr. who wrote and performed the gospel-influenced protest title song.[3]
Gynocriticism or gynocritics is the term coined in the seventies by Elaine Showalter to describe a new literary project intended to construct "a female framework for the analysis of women's literature".
The 2nd Tournament for Bolesław Chrobry Crown - First King of Poland was the 2009 version of the Bolesław Chrobry Tournament. It took place on 23 May in the Start Gniezno Stadium in Gniezno, Poland.[1] The draw was made on 15 May in the Gniezno' Old Square.[2] The Tournament was won by Greg Hancock who beat Adrian Miedziński and Rune Holta.[3] The top Gniezno' rider Krzysztof Słaboń was eighth.
Kovachevo (Bulgarian: Ковачево) is a village in the municipality of Sandanski, in Blagoevgrad Province, Bulgaria.[1]
Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca 2011,  was held in the Teatro Macedonio Alcalá in Oaxaca, Oaxaca on June 3, 2011. At the conclusion of the final night of competition, Teresa Raviela of Río Grande was crowned the winner. Raviela was crowned by outgoing Nuestra Belleza Oaxaca titleholder, Alejandra Scherenberg. Six contestants competed for the title.

A box house was a combination of low-class theater and brothel, found in western North America in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. It offered light entertainment "such as magic acts, singing, dancing, minstrel shows," as well as sexual services.[1] Box houses were an antecedent of American vaudeville.[2]
The Faraday Institution is a British research institute aiming to advance battery science and technology. It was established in 2017 as part of the UK's wider Faraday Battery Challenge.[1]  It states its mission as having four key areas: "electrochemical energy storage research, skills development, market analysis and early-stage commercialisation".[2] The Institution is headquartered at the Harwell Science and Innovation Campus near Oxford.  It is a limited company and is a registered charity with an independent board of trustees.
DXQQ (87.5 FM), broadcasting as 87.5 Davao City Disaster Radio, is a radio station owned and operated by the City Government of Davao. Its studios are located at City Hall Annex Building, Magallanes, Davao City, and its transmitter is located at Brgy. Langub, Ma-a, Davao City.
Saugus Field also known as Atwood Park was an early American airfield located in Saugus, Massachusetts. It was used by pioneer aviators Harry Atwood,[1] Ruth Bancroft Law,[2] and Lincoln J. Beachey.[1]
Debbie Lynch-White (born 1986) is a Canadian film and television actress from Quebec. Most noted for her performance in the 2018 film La Bolduc in the title role as folk singer Mary Rose-Anna "La Bolduc" Travers,[1] she was previously known for her regular supporting role as prison guard Nancy Prévost in the television series Unité 9,[2] and will appear in the forthcoming series Le Jeu and Une autre histoire.[3]
Ikumi Oeda (born 1 June 1993) is a Thai judoka.[1] She won the gold medal in the women's 78 kg event at the 2019 Southeast Asian Games held in the Philippines.[2]
Lloyd Glasspool and Matt Reid were the defending champions[1] but chose not to defend their title.
Beloved (Russian: Любимая, romanized: Lyubimaya) is a 1965 Soviet romance film directed by Richard Viktorov.[1][2][3] Screen adaptation of Nikolai Pogodin's novel Amber Necklace.
The 1995 FIRA Women's European Championship was the first official FIRA championship.[citation needed] Four countries entered, and the competition was a straight knockout tournament.
Danny Jay (born 1993) is a British film composer and music producer. In December 2008, Danny received the Michael Kamen Award for outstanding achievement in the field of composing music. The award was presented by Nitin Sawhney, Justin Baron (Sibelius), and Mrs Kamen at the Mermaid Theatre in London.
In Hawaiian mythology, Nightmarchers (huaka'i pō or "Spirit Ranks,", 'oi'o) are the deadly ghosts of ancient Hawaiian warriors. The nightmarchers are the vanguard for a sacred king, chief or chiefess.[1]
Everson Mono is a monospaced humanist sans serif Unicode font whose development by Michael Everson began in 1995. At first, Everson Mono was a collection of 8-bit fonts containing glyphs for tables in ISO/IEC 10646; at that time, it was not easy to edit cmaps to have true Unicode indices, and there were very few applications which could do anything with a font so encoded in any case. The original "Everson Mono" had a MacRoman character set, and other versions were named with suffixes: "Everson Mono Latin B", "Everson Mono Currency", "Everson Mono Armenian" and so on. A range of fonts with the character set of the ISO/IEC 8859 series were also made. A large font distributed in 2003 was named "Everson Mono Unicode", but since 2008 the font has been named simply "Everson Mono". At present, there are regular, italic, bold, and bold-italic styles.
Darreh Naru (Persian: دره نارو, also Romanized as Darreh Nārū; also known as Darreh-ye Anārān, Darreh Anārān, and Dar-i-Anār)[1] is a village in Sepiddasht Rural District, Papi District, Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 56, in 12 families.[2]
The Danish Lithographers' Union (Danish: Dansk Litografisk Forbund) was a trade union representing printers in Denmark.
Daniel Warnel Lee, Sr. (June 23, 1919 – January 22, 1985) was a United States Army officer and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II.
Dominant Species is a real-time strategy video game developed and released by Red Storm Entertainment.[1] It was published October 15, 1998 for Windows.[2] It was one of the first RTS games to make the transition to 3D graphics.[1]
Galaxy Guide 2: Yavin and Bespin is a supplement published by West End Games in 1989 for the science fiction role-playing game Star Wars: The Roleplaying Game, which itself is based on Star Wars.
Antoine Sonrel (died 1879) was an illustrator, engraver, and photographer in Switzerland and Boston, Massachusetts, in the 19th century. He moved from Neuchâtel to the United States around the late 1840s, and was affiliated with Louis Agassiz throughout his career.[nb 1] As a photographer he created numerous carte de visite portraits in the 1860s and 1870s; subjects included his friend Agassiz, Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr., Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr., Abbott Lawrence Rotch, and sculptor Anne Whitney.[nb 2]
The Easter Oratorio (German: Oster-Oratorium), BWV 249, is an oratorio by Johann Sebastian Bach, beginning with Kommt, eilet und laufet ("Come, hasten and run"). Bach composed it in Leipzig and first performed it on 1 April 1725.
Yeni İlisu is a village and municipality in the Qakh Rayon of Azerbaijan.
The Nottingham Health Profile (NHP) is a general patient reported outcome measure which seeks to measure subjective health status.[1]

This is a list of museums in the Province of Lodi, Lombardy Region, Italy.
Yun Yeong-ryeol(윤영렬, 1854 – 1939) was a Korean Joseon Dynasty politician and soldier. nickname was Gyungjae, Yeongu. uncle of Yun Chi-ho and grandfather of Yun Bo-seon, father of Yun Chi-young.
North Junín Quechua is a language dialect of Quechua spoken throughout the Andean highlands of the Northern Junín and Tarma Provinces of Perú. Dialects under North Junín Quechua include Tarma Quechua spoken in Tarma Province and the subdialect San Pedros de Cajas Quechua. North Junín Quechua belongs to the Yaru Quechua dialect cluster under the  Quechua I dialects. Initially spoken by Huancas and neighboring native people, Quechua's Junín dialect was absorbed by the Inca Empire in 1460 but relatively unaffected by the Southern Cuzco dialect. The Inca Empire had to defeat stiff resistance by the Huanca people.
The 1913 Australasian Championships was a tennis tournament that took place on outdoor Grass courts at the Kitchener Park, Perth, Australia from 11 November to 15 November. It was the 9th edition of the Australian Championships (now known as the Australian Open), the 2nd held in Perth, and the third Grand Slam tournament of the year. The singles titles was won by Australian Ernie Parker.
The Vyborg Treaty was a package of 7 documents signed in Vyborg during 1609 between Sweden and Russia on the provision by Sweden of military assistance to the government of Vasily Shuisky.
Quentin David Young (September 5, 1923 – March 7, 2016) was an American physician who was recognized for his efforts in advocating for single-payer health care in the United States. An activist who opposed the Vietnam War and worked on the Civil Rights Movement, Young was best known for speaking out about social justice in the realm of health policy.
The 2005–06 1. FC Nürnberg season was the 106th season in the club's football history.

The Deutsche Theater-Lexikon is, according to its subtitle, a "biography and bibliography manual". The encyclopedia lists stage actors from the German-speaking area.[1]
Fränzi or Franzi is a given name or nickname. Notable people with the name include:
Woodland station is a light rail stop on the MBTA Green Line D branch, located off Washington Street (MA-16) between the Newton Lower Falls and Auburndale villages of Newton, Massachusetts, United States. It serves as access to the Newton-Wellesley Hospital, as well as a park and ride station for nearby Route 128.
Wang Bolin (born 9 February 1971) is a Chinese former swimmer who competed in the 1988 Summer Olympics.[1]
The term uchronia refers to a hypothetical or fictional time period of our world, in contrast to altogether-fictional lands or worlds. The concept is similar to alternate history, but uchronic times are not easily defined but are placed mainly in some distant or unspecified point before current times, and they are sometimes reminiscent of a constructed world. Some, however, use uchronia to refer to an alternate history.[1]
Ricardo Nuno Pinto Pinheiro da Silva (born 12 May 1980) is a retired Portuguese football player.
Oleksii Dniprov (Ukrainian: Олексій Сергійович Дніпров; born 25 February 1982, Kyiv) is a Ukrainian politician and statesman. Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine.[1]
Bilateral frontoparietal polymicrogyria is a genetic disorder with autosomal recessive inheritance that causes a cortical malformation. Our brain has folds in the cortex to increase surface area called gyri and patients with polymicrogyria have an increase number of folds and smaller folds than usual.[1] Polymicrogyria is defined as a cerebral malformation of cortical development in which the normal gyral pattern of the surface of the brain is replaced by an excessive number of small, fused gyri separated by shallow sulci and abnormal cortical lamination. From ongoing research, mutation in GPR56, a member of the adhesion G protein-coupled receptor (GPCR) family, results in BFPP. These mutations are located in different regions of the protein without any evidence of a relationship between the position of the mutation and phenotypic severity.[2] It is also found that GPR56 plays a role in cortical pattering.[3]
The Getty Center Tram is a 0.75-mile (1.21 km) people mover system that serves the Getty Center in Los Angeles. It runs two cable-driven hovertrains each consisting of three Otis Hovair vehicles.[1]
The Mdina Cathedral Museum is a religious art museum located inside the mediaeval walled city of Mdina, Malta. The museum is housed within a Baroque building, that was built as a Jesuit seminary. It can be found on the right-hand side of the St. Paul's Cathedral, in Archbishop's Square. The museum's collection includes an eclectic secular and ecclesiastical repertoire. The museum also holds various artwork and archaeology remains, including important artwork by Mattia Preti. The museum also owns the most important collection of Italian Baroque music that has been preserved south of Naples.[1][2]
The Anglo–Powhatan Wars were three wars fought between settlers of the Virginia Colony and Algonquin Indians of the Powhatan Confederacy in the early 17th century. The first war started in 1609 and ended in a peace settlement in 1614.[1] The second war lasted from 1622 to 1632. The third war lasted from 1644 until 1646 and ended when Opechancanough was captured and killed. That war resulted in a defined boundary between the Indians and colonial lands that could only be crossed for official business with a special pass. This situation lasted until 1677 and the Treaty of Middle Plantation which established Indian reservations following Bacon's Rebellion.
Theodore Kaufmann (December 18, 1814 – 1896) was an artist who worked mostly in the United States.
Harvey Middleman, Fireman is a 1965 American comedy film written and directed by Ernest Pintoff. It is Pintoff's first feature film, having previously only made shorts.
Johanna Wood (born 25 December 1960) is a New Zealand sports administrator; she is president of New Zealand Football.
Sunshine Social Welfare Foundation (Chinese: 陽光社會福利基金會; pinyin: Yángguāng Shèhuì Fúlì Jījīn Huì) is a charity established in 1981 in Taiwan to provide comprehensive services for burn survivors and people with facial disfigurement.
No. 128 Wing RAF is a former Royal Air Force wing that was operational during both the Second World War and the Cold War.
Josef di Michele Coen (born 1854; date of death unknown) was one of the Italian Jewish children alleged to have been forcibly taken from his parents and baptized under Pius IX.
Badagry Heritage Museum is a museum in Badagry, Nigeria that is housed in the District Officer's Office built in 1863 by the British colonial government.[1][2][3][4]

Alex Preston (born 1979) is an English author and journalist.
The Racing Steps Foundation, abbreviated as RSF, was an organisation founded by Graham Sharp running from 2008 to 2017 with former Formula One driver, the late John Surtees as the ambassador for the organization. RSF aided young British racing drivers in the junior categories of Formula Three, Formula Renault 2.0, Formula Renault 3.5, Indy Lights and karting. The Racing Steps foundation also ran a number of riders in the Moto GP Moto3 Class. Two drivers have graduated from RSF, and are now racing in the FIA World Endurance Championship.
Multiple kernel learning refers to a set of machine learning methods that use a predefined set of kernels and learn an optimal linear or non-linear combination of kernels as part of the algorithm. Reasons to use multiple kernel learning include a) the ability to select for an optimal kernel and parameters from a larger set of kernels, reducing bias due to kernel selection while allowing for more automated machine learning methods, and b) combining data from different sources (e.g. sound and images from a video) that have different notions of similarity and thus require different kernels. Instead of creating a new kernel, multiple kernel algorithms can be used to combine kernels already established for each individual data source.
Samuel Ray Cummings (born 1944) is a senior United States district judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas.
Godas (died 533) was a Gothic nobleman of the Vandal kingdom in North Africa. King Gelimer of the Vandals made him governor of the Vandalic province of Sardinia, but Godas stopped forwarding the taxes he collected and declared himself ruler of Sardinia.[1]
The Ecuador men's national tennis team represents Ecuador in Davis Cup tennis competition and are governed by the Ecuador Tennis Federation.
The siege of Pouancé of 1432 (6 January – 22 February) was undertaken by John V, Duke of Brittany, against his nephew John II, Duke of Alençon, as part of a conflict involving the payment of a dowry. It is at times referred to as the third siege of Pouancé, in succession to other sieges in 1066 and 1379.
The Battle of Manresa and Battle of Vilafranca from 21 March to 5 April 1810 saw a Spanish division led by Juan Caro and Luis González Torres de Navarra, Marquess of Campoverde attack an Imperial French brigade commanded by François Xavier de Schwarz. 
The 1917–18 season was the first for the team that would become the Philadelphia Sphas. Playing in the minor-league American Basketball League of Philadelphia, the team was known as Philadelphia YMHA, as they were sponsored by the local branch of the Young Men's Hebrew Association. Game-by-game records not available for this season.
Ritešić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ритешић) is a village in the municipality of Doboj, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Muhammad Tawfiq Sidqi  (1881-1920)[1] was an Egyptian Muslim and physician who argued against the authenticity of hadith (the record of the words, actions, and the silent approval of the Islamic prophet Muhammad) and its application to modern life. He is remembered today for his argument "that nothing of the Hadith was recorded until after enough time had elapsed to allow the infiltration of numerous absurd or corrupt traditions";[2] and that God had allowed this to happen because the Sunnah of Muhammad as a whole "was only ever meant for the Arabs of the Prophet's time",[3] as only the Quran was necessary for Islam,[4] (a position held by a small number of Muslims and known as Quranism).  Sidqi recanted his position after Rashid Rida opposed his position.[5]
Several Royal Norwegian Navy ships and a class of torpedo boats have been named Snøgg.
Sentient is an automated intelligence analysis system under development by the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO) of the United States federal government.[1]
Garrett Wolfe (born August 17, 1984) is a former American football running back.  He was drafted by the Bears in the third round of the 2007 NFL Draft. He played his college football at Northern Illinois.
Farrukhan the Little (Persian: Farrukhan-e Kuchak), also surnamed the Deaf (Korbali),[1] was a member of the Dabuyid dynasty, which ruled Tabaristan as independent monarchs in the century after the Muslim conquest of Persia. The brother of the ispahbadh Dadhburzmihr, Farrukhan governed Tabaristan between 740/41 and 747/48 as regent for his underage nephew, Khurshid.
Ogarita Elizabeth Booth Henderson (née Bellows; October 23, 1859 – April 12, 1892) was an American stage actress. Henderson maintained that she was the daughter of actor John Wilkes Booth, who assassinated President Abraham Lincoln in April 1865.
Telecommunications in the Philippines are well-developed due to the presence of modern infrastructure facilities. The industry was deregulated in 1995 when President Fidel Ramos signed Republic Act No. 7925 (The Public Telecommunications Policy Act of the Philippines). This law opened the sector to more private players and improved the provision of telecom services are better and fairer rates,[1] leading to the creation of many telecommunication service providers for mobile, fixed-line, Internet and other services.
Rexhep Jusufi was a captain of the Ballist Luboten Battalion in Vardar Macedonia.
ShareConnector was a popular index site for files on the eDonkey network. ShareConnector does not host any files; instead, the links it contains are accessible through an eDonkey (ed2k) network. It was taken down by an anti-piracy foundation on December 14, 2004 due to the suspicion of breach of copyright and trademark laws. The site came back online, on December 19, 2006. The mainpage was used from a backup taken on November 23, 2004 shortly before it was shut down. The forum userbase was restored from a backup taken on November 20 2004, however the posts database was started from scratch due a recent backup not being available.
Wincenty Witos (Polish pronunciation: [vinˈt͡sɛntɨ ˈvitɔs]; 22 January 1874 – 31 October 1945) was a Polish politician, prominent member and leader of the Polish People's Party (PSL), who served three times as the Prime Minister of Poland in the 1920s.
Etaux (also spelled Eteaux) is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-eastern France.
McMillan House is a historic home located at Latta, Dillon County, South Carolina. It was built about 1890, and is a 2+1⁄2-story, frame, weatherboarded, Second Empire style residence.  It has a mansard roof and features a one-story, hip-roofed porch, and a gabled entrance portico with sawtooth shingles. The front façade also has a central projecting bay. It was the home of S.A. McMillan, one of Latta's prominent early businessmen.[2][3]

In classical Islamic literature the futūḥ were the early Arab-Muslim conquests of Egypt, Syria, Mesopotamia, etc. which facilitated the spread of Islam and Islamic civilization.
Ranau Sports Complex (Malay: Kompleks Sukan Ranau) in Ranau,[1][2] located at an altitude of 780 m (2,560 ft) above the sea level,[3] 8 km (5.0 mi) from Ranau town (pekan Ranau), is a <1000  capacity all-seater, multi-purpose stadium that was built in 2005.
David N. Thomlinson (born October 22, 1966) is a Canadian former professional ice hockey left winger who played in the National Hockey League for the St. Louis Blues, Boston Bruins and the Los Angeles Kings between 1989 and 1995. The rest of his career was mainly spent in the minor International Hockey League.
The Magnificent 7 is a collaborative album combining Motown's premier vocal groups, The Supremes and The Four Tops. Issued by Motown in 1970, it followed two collaborative albums The Supremes did with The Temptations in the late 1960s. The album featured their hit cover of Ike & Tina Turner's "River Deep – Mountain High", which reached number 14 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart. In the UK, the album peaked at number 6.[1] In December 1971, Billboard reported UK album sales of 30,000 copies.[2]
The Lamborghini 350 GT is a grand tourer manufactured by Lamborghini between 1964 and 1966. It was the first production vehicle produced by Lamborghini.[1] The 350 GT was based on the earlier Lamborghini 350 GTV and was equipped with a 3.5 liter V12 engine and a 2-door coupé body by Carrozzeria Touring. The 350 GT debuted at the March 1964 Geneva Motor Show and production began the following May. The success of this model ensured the company's survival, establishing it as a viable competitor with rival manufacturer Ferrari.[3][2][4]
Kazuya Otani is a Grand Prix motorcycle racer from Japan.
Wang Yan (born February 11, 1974), also known as Rebecca Wang, is a Chinese actress, best known for portraying the character Qing'er in the TV series My Fair Princess II (1999) and My Fair Princess III (2003).[1][2]
Vytautas the Great Bridge, also known as Aleksotas Bridge before 1930 and from 1940 until 23 February 2008, crosses the Nemunas River to connect Aleksotas and Old Town in Kaunas, Lithuania. Its length exceeds 256 meters, and its width is of 16 meters. The means of payment for the building of the bridge was arranged back in 1927. After several stages of competition, Copenhagen-based engineers obtained the rights to build the bridge. Finally, on January 11, 1930, the bridge was completed being named after Grand Duke of Lithuania Vytautas the Great.
Czaple [ˈt͡ʂaplɛ] (German: Zappeln) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Ełk, within Ełk County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1]
Christian Lietzmann (2 October 1955 – September 2006) was a German swimmer who won two silver medals at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships, in the 200 m and 400 m medley.[1] He competed in the same events at the 1972 Summer Olympics, but was eliminated in the preliminaries.[2]
Tang Xiao’ou (Chinese: 湯曉鷗; born 1968) is a Chinese billionaire computer scientist and founder of SenseTime, an artificial intelligence (AI) company. He is also a Professor of Information Engineering at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.[1]
Bierdzany [bjɛrˈd͡zanɨ] (German: Bierdzan, 1936-45: Burkardsdorf) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Turawa, within Opole County, Opole Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 10 kilometres (6 mi) north-east of Turawa and 23 km (14 mi) north-east of the regional capital Opole.
Tigran Edmondovich Keosayan (Armenian: Տիգրան էդմոնդի  Քեոսայան, Russian: Тигран Эдмондович Кеосаян; born January 4, 1966) is a Russian film director, actor and television presenter of Armenian origin. He is a winner of film festival prizes including TEFI,  Kinotavr  and Window to Europe Film Festival [ru] 2001.[1]
The Women's Windy City Open 2016 is the women's edition of the 2016 Windy City Open, which is a PSA World Series event (prize money: 150 000 $). The event took place at the University Club of Chicago in Chicago in the United States from the 25 February to 2 March 2016. Raneem El Weleily won her second Windy City Open trophy, beating Nour El Sherbini in the final.
Bommars is a Swedish farm located in Letsbo, in the Ljusdal Municipality of Hälsingland. It is one of seven Decorated Farmhouses of Hälsingland which have been listed as UNESCO World Heritage Sites since 2012. At the national level, it has also been classified as a Listed buildings in Sweden since 2008.[1]
You Made My Dawn is the sixth extended play by South Korean boy band Seventeen. It was released on January 21, 2019, through Pledis Entertainment. It debuted atop the Gaon Album Chart, Oricon Albums Chart and at number four on the US Billboard World Albums chart.
A siege engine is a device that is designed to break or circumvent heavy castle doors, thick city walls and other fortifications in siege warfare. Some are immobile, constructed in place to attack enemy fortifications from a distance, while others have wheels to enable advancing up to the enemy fortification. There are many distinct types, such as siege towers that allow foot soldiers to scale walls and attack the defenders, battering rams that damage walls or gates, and large ranged weapons (such as ballistae, catapults/trebuchets and other similar constructions) that attack from a distance by launching projectiles. Some complex siege engines were combinations of these types.
Pudineh (Persian: پودينه, also Romanized as Pūdīneh)[1] is a village in Dust Mohammad Rural District, in the Central District of Hirmand County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 415, in 85 families.[2]
The Ogilvie Watertower is a historic water tower in Ogilvie, Minnesota, United States, built in 1918.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1980 for having local significance in the themes of engineering and social history.[2]  It was nominated for being a rare surviving example of Minnesota's earliest reinforced concrete water towers and a symbol of the local infrastructure improvements that enabled the organization of Ogilvie's fire department.[3]
Apostolos Apostolopoulos (Greek: Απόστολος Αποστολόπουλος; born 11 December 2002) is a Greek professional footballer who plays as a left-back for Super League 2 club Olympiacos B.
Katherinne Olemar (born (1993-05-10)10 May 1993) is a Peruvian female volleyball player. She is part of the Peru women's national volleyball team.
St. Mary's Episcopal Church, also known as the Flandreau Indian School Chapel, is a historic church on North Crescent Street in Flandreau, South Dakota.

George Martin (29 November 1875 – 14 May 1957) was an English cricketer who played for Hampshire.
The 1977 Intercontinental Final was the third running of the Intercontinental Final as part of the qualification for the 1977 Speedway World Championship. The 1977 Final was run on 21 August at the White City Stadium in London, England, and the last qualifying stage for riders from Scandinavia, the USA and from the Commonwealth nations, though as the World Final was held at the Ullevi stadium in Göteborg, Sweden, the Swedish riders qualified for the World Final through the Swedish Final held in June.[1]

This is a list of Azerbaijan football transfers in the summer transfer window 2010 by club. Only clubs of the 2010–11 Azerbaijan Premier League are included.
Frank Gallagher (March 2, 1943 – November 26, 2021) was an American former professional football player who played guard in the  National Football League for eight seasons for the Detroit Lions, the Atlanta Falcons and the Minnesota Vikings.  He was born in Chester, Pennsylvania and attended St. James High School for Boys in Chester.[1]
Qubodiyon, also Qubadiyan, ancient Kobadiyan (Russian: Кабодиён; Tajik: Қубодиён, Persian: قبادیان Qobādiyān) is a town in the Khatlon Region of Tajikistan. It is the capital of Qubodiyon District. The population of the town is 12,200 (January 2020 estimate).[1] Qubodiyon was possibly founded by the Sasanian king Kavad I (r. 488–496, 498/9–531) during his exile in the Hephthalite Empire, where the town possibly served as his source of revenue.[2]
The women's team archery event at the 2011 Pan American Games was held between October 17–21 at the Pan American Archery Stadium in Guadalajara.[1] The defending Pan American Games champion was Ana María Rendón, Sigrid Romero and Natalia Sánchez of Colombia.
U.S-led victory 
The 2012 GP Miguel Induráin was the 59th edition of the GP Miguel Induráin cycle race and was held on 31 March 2012. The race started and finished in Estella.[2] The race was won by Daniel Moreno.
Famadihana is a funerary tradition of the Malagasy people in Madagascar. During this ceremony, known as the turning of the bones, people bring forth the bodies of their ancestors from the family crypts, rewrap the corpses in fresh cloth, and rewrite their names on the cloth so they will always be remembered. Then they dance to live music while carrying the corpses over their heads and go around the tomb before returning the corpses to the family tomb. They believe in celebrating the life lived by the dead person.[1]
Maastricht railway station (Dutch: Station Maastricht [staːtsˈjɔmaːˈstrɪxt]; Limburgish: Statie Mestreech [ˈstaː˦si məˈstʀeːç]) is located in Maastricht in Limburg, Netherlands. It is the main railway station in Limburg's capital city. It is the southern terminus of the Alkmaar–Maastricht intercity service by NS. Additionally, Arriva and the Belgian NMBS serve the station with local trains.
Wayne Woodson is a stage and film actor who appeared in a number of films in the 1980s which include the Paul Wendkos made for television drama, The Five of Me and Norbert Meisel's 1985 crime action film, Walking the Edge He was also in  the 1988 romantic comedy The Perfect Match.
Jazz at the Plaza Vol. II is a live album by American pianist, composer and bandleader Duke Ellington recorded in 1958 at a party for Columbia Records and released on the label in 1973.[1] The Miles Davis Sextet was also recorded at the same event and released as the first volume of Jazz at the Plaza.
Pigment yellow 139 is an organic compound that is used as a yellow-orange pigment.  It is classified as a derivative of isoindoline. This yellow-orange solid is virtually insoluble in most solvents.[1]
Ellery is an election precinct, or township equivalent, in Edwards County, Illinois. As of the 2020 Census the population was 138.[2]
The following is a list of events that occurred in 1912 in philosophy.
Miss Italia nel Mondo or Miss Italy in the World is an Italian beauty pageant for women of Italian heritage which has been held since 1990. Dozens of countries vie for the crown annually in the pageant held each year in Italy.
Savva Ivanovich Chevakinsky (Russian: Савва Иванович Чевакинский; 1709 – aft. 1774) was a Russian architect of the Baroque school. He worked in Saint Petersburg and Tsarskoye Selo.
Lavik is a former municipality in the old county of Sogn og Fjordane, Norway.  It was located in the western part of the present-day municipality of Høyanger which is in Vestland county. The municipality was mostly on the northern side of the Sognefjorden. A small part of Lavik was located on the southern side of the Sognefjorden, a narrow strip of land running south around the Ikjefjorden, past the village of Øystrebø, all the way south to the border with Hordaland county.  The municipality of Lavik existed from 1838 until 1861 and then again from 1905 until 1964.  Upon its dissolution, the municipality was 220 square kilometres (85 sq mi). The administrative centre of the municipality was the village of Lavik where Lavik Church is located.[2]
Margarita Yelisseyeva (born 20 July 1992) is a Kazakh weightlifter. She earned a gold medal at the 2014 Asian Games in the women's 48 kg class in Incheon.[1][2] She attends Kazakh Academy of Sport and Tourism.[3]
Kurt Albrecht (31 December 1894, Berlin – 7 May 1945, Prague) was a Nazi German psychiatrist, neurologist, and lecturer.[1]
The Road to Reunion, 1865–1900 is a nonfiction history book by Paul Herman Buck. It won the 1938 Pulitzer Prize for History.[1][2][3]
JUMPing CAR is the fourth album released by Hey! Say! JUMP. Through this album, the members want to tell their fans, "During fun times and sad times, get on the JUMPing CAR and move forward with us!" The album includes 15 songs including their singles: "Weekender/Asu e no YELL" and "Chau#/我 I Need You". The album was released in 3 different versions: Limited Edition 1, Limited Edition 2, and Regular Edition. Limited Edition 1 includes the Hey! Say! JUMP version of the mysterious unit Sensations and their song "Koro Sensations", which was the theme song to Ryosuke Yamada's starring movie Assassination Classroom. Meanwhile, Limited Edition 2 contains 3 unit songs, and Regular Edition contains 2 brand new songs.[1]
A dark quencher (also known as a dark sucker) is a substance that absorbs excitation energy from a fluorophore and dissipates the energy as heat; while a typical (fluorescent) quencher re-emits much of this energy as light.[1] Dark quenchers are used in molecular biology in conjunction with fluorophores. When the two are close together, such as in a molecule or protein, the fluorophore's emission is suppressed. This effect can be used to study molecular geometry and motion.
John Friedrich (1858–1943) was a German-born violin maker who worked in the United States.
"Kan du vissla, Johanna?" is a song with music by Sten Axelson, and lyrics by Åke Söderblom. It was originally recorded in 1932 by many artists.[1]
Jeremiah Longfellow "Jerry" Carpenter (April 13, 1839 – September 29, 1919) was an American politician in the state of Ohio. He served in the Ohio House of Representatives for Meigs County (63rd, 64th General Assemblies) and later the Ohio State Senate for the Eighth District (69th, 70th, 73rd General Assemblies).
Your Neighbor's Wife[1] (Korean: 네 이웃의 아내; RR: Ne Iwooteui Anae) is a 2013 South Korean television series starring Yum Jung-ah, Jung Joon-ho, Shin Eun-kyung and Kim Yu-seok. It aired on JTBC from October 14 to December 24, 2013.[2]
The St. Boniface Mohawks were a Canadian senior ice hockey team in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The team was founded in 1967 when the Winnipeg Maroons, former Allan Cup champions, relocated to St. Boniface. The Mohawks played in various leagues, including the Manitoba Senior Hockey League and the Central Amateur Senior Hockey League, until the early 1990s.[1]
Spring Grove, Florida was a settlement in Alachua County, Florida during the territorial period in Florida, serving for three years as the county seat of the county. It was about four miles west of Hogtown, probably in the San Felasco Hammock, west or northwest of present-day Gainesville. Four archaeological sites in the San Felasco Hammock Preserve State Park may have been part of Spring Grove. A post office was established in Spring Grove in 1829. In 1835, a unit of volunteer mounted riflemen called the Spring Grove Guards was organized in Alachua County under authority of the Florida territorial council. Most of the 60 or so members were from Spring Grove and Hogtown. The unit ceased operations in less than a year, after the Second Seminole War began. The territorial council designated Spring Grove as the county seat of Alachua County in February 1836. Three years later, in February 1839, the territorial council moved the county seat to Newnansville. The post office closed sometime in 1848.[1]
[2]
[3]
The 1974–75 Yugoslav First Basketball League season was the 31st season of the Yugoslav First Basketball League, the highest professional basketball league in SFR Yugoslavia.
Lameka Fox is an American fashion model from Maryland.[1]
"Idee stupide" (Stupid ideas) is the fourth and last single released by Fabri Fibra from his third solo studio album: Tradimento, recorded in 2006. This song is in collaboration with the singer Diego Mancino.[1]
Anastacio Euclides Martínez (born November 3, 1978) is a professional baseball pitcher. He played part of the 2004 season in Major League Baseball for the Boston Red Sox, and most recently played for the Calgary Vipers. He is listed with a height of 6'2" and a weight of 180 lbs., and he bats and throws right-handed. He graduated from Liceo Santa Cruz College in the Dominican Republic.
Kohlschütter is a lunar impact crater that cannot be viewed directly from the Earth as it lies on the Moon's far side. It is located a couple of hundred kilometers to the southeast of the Mare Moscoviense, and due south of the smaller crater Nagaoka. It is a relatively isolated formation surrounded by a multitude of smaller impacts typical of the battered far side.
The Battle is the first studio album by hard rock supergroup Allen-Lande, a collaboration between vocalists Russell Allen and Jørn Lande. It was released on 19 September 2005, and is the first of three albums in a row to feature Magnus Karlsson as songwriter, producer and performer of most instruments, and Jaime Salazar on drums.[3]
42°52′N 132°40′E﻿ / ﻿42.867°N 132.667°E﻿ / 42.867; 132.667
Stanich is a surname of Serbian, Croatian or Slovenian origin.[1] It is derived from Stanislav.[1] The native form is Stanić. Notable people with the name include:
The Federal University of Grande Dourados (Portuguese: Universidade Federal da Grande Dourados, UFGD) is a Brazilian public institution which is located in the city of Dourados, state of Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil.
Michael Deibert (born 1973) is an American journalist, author and researcher at the Centro de Estudos Internacionais at the  Instituto Universitário de Lisboa.
Radar, Anti-Aircraft, or simply AA radar for short, was a classification system for British Army radars introduced in 1943 and used into the 1960s when these systems were replaced by missiles with their own integral radar systems. The classification included subcategories, Number 1 through 8, as well as the many individual systems which were assigned Marks.
Kazzaz (Persian: كزاز, also Romanized as Kazzāz; also known as Kazāz-e Soflá, Kazāz Pā’īn, and Kazzāz-e Pā’īn)[1] is a village in Pol-e Doab Rural District, Zalian District, Shazand County, Markazi Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 2,148, in 536 families.[2]
Rignano sull'Arno is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Florence. 
David Flower is a British astronomer and physical chemist, an emeritus professor in the Durham University Department of Physics. He is editor in chief of the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society (MNRAS).[1][2] He became editor in chief after a long term as an MNRAS editorial board member. He is a Fellow of the Royal Astronomical Society, and a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts. 
VEKA AG is a German extruder of uPVC profiles for use in windows and doors headquartered in Sendenhorst, Germany.[1] Founded in 1967 as a manufacturer of shutters, it currently operates its own extrusion facilities in twelve countries.[1][2][3] It also operates representative offices in more than forty countries, including the United Arab Emirates and India.
Terminal City Roller Derby (TCRD) is a flat track roller derby league based in Vancouver. Founded in January 2006 as Terminal City Rollergirls, TCRD is a member of the Women's Flat Track Derby Association (WFTDA).[1]

Mathias Abraham Torstensen (1890s – 9 July 1975)[1] was a Norwegian rower who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.[2]
Braaten is a Norwegian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Caste discrimination in the United States is a form of discrimination based on the social hierarchy which is determined by a person's birth.[1] Though the use of the term caste is more prevalent in South Asia and Bali, in the United States, Indian Americans also use the term caste.[2][3]
The Great Wall Peri (simplified Chinese: 长城精灵; traditional Chinese: 長城精靈; pinyin: Chángchéng Jīnglíng) is a city car produced by the Chinese automobile manufacturer Great Wall Motors. 
The International Pepper Exchange is an organisation headquartered in Kochi, India, that deals with the global trade of black pepper.[1] The exchange, established in 1997,[2] has been described as the world's only international pepper exchange.[3][4]
The 2011–12 National League 2 South was the third season (25th overall) of the fourth tier (south) of the English domestic rugby union competitions since the professionalised format of the second division was introduced.  The league system was 4 points for a win, 2 points for a draw and additional bonus points being awarded for scoring 4 or more tries and/or losing within 7 points of the victorious team.  In terms of promotion the league champions would go straight up into National League 1 while the runners up would have a one-game playoff against the runners up from National League 2 North (at the home ground of the club with the superior league record) for the final promotion place. 
The 1985 World Sportscar Championship season was the 33rd season of FIA World Sportscar Championship motor racing.  It featured the 1985 World Endurance Championship which was contested over a series of races for Group C1 and Group C2 Prototypes, Group B GT Cars and IMSA GTP cars.  The series ran from 14 April 1985 to 1 December 1985 and was composed of 10 races.
Izdebki-Wąsy [izˈdɛpki ˈvɔ̃sɨ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zbuczyn, within Siedlce County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[1] It lies around 10 kilometres (6 mi) east of Zbuczyn, 22 km (14 mi) east of Siedlce, and 108 km (67 mi) east of Warsaw.
The Ramsay Scallop is a young adult historical romance written by Frances Temple. It is set around 1300, and involves a pilgrimage to the shrine of St. James of Compostella. The novel was first published in 1994.
The Milwaukee Brewers of 1884–1885 were an American professional baseball team and a member of (in order): the Northwestern League, Union Association, and Western League. Of those leagues, the Union Association was considered a major league, while the others were considered minor league.
Teroi is the name of a small kampung (village) located in Yan District, Kedah, Malaysia. The name "Teroi" is adapted from Sungai Teroi, a river that passes from Mount Jerai. Sungai Teroi is also connected to Rimba Reakrasi Sungai Teroi, or the Sungai Teroi Forest Recreation Park, at Gunung Jerai. Whilst, Gunung Jerai is the famous jungle tracking places for those who want to explore the nature in flora and fauna.
James Henry Gooding (August 28, 1838 – July 19, 1864) was a Corporal in the 54th Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry, an American Civil War Union regiment, and a war correspondent to the New Bedford, MA Mercury newspaper.
Global Warfare was a social strategy game produced by Kabam Inc. It is no longer available to play.
Bharte  is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2591 people living in 544 individual households.[1]
WDRC-FM (102.9 FM) is a radio station with a classic rock format licensed to Hartford, Connecticut. The station began broadcasting in 1959 and was the first commercial FM station in the Hartford radio market.[citation needed] The station is owned by John Fuller's Red Wolf Broadcasting Corporation, with studios located on Blue Hills Avenue (Connecticut Route 187) in Bloomfield, Connecticut, with other radio stations and a transmitter site in Meriden, Connecticut.
Frænkel Land is a peninsula in King Christian X Land, East Greenland. Administratively it is part of the Northeast Greenland National Park.
Morceau Subrosa (also known, in full, as SUPPLEMENTO {BT: Volume 01. SERAPHIM 09.} NUOVO MORCEAU SUBROSA {A topological ABSTRACT of Granular Systems} [Symphonie elektronik]) is the eighth studio album by composer and electronica artist BT, and was released on June 19, 2012, in tandem with If the Stars are Eternal So are You and I, his seventh studio album.
The postorbital is one of the bones in vertebrate skulls which forms a portion of the dermal skull roof and, sometimes, a ring about the orbit. Generally, it is located behind the postfrontal and posteriorly to the orbital fenestra. In some vertebrates, the postorbital is fused with the postfrontal to create a postorbitofrontal. Birds have a separate postorbital as an embryo, but the bone fuses with the frontal before it hatches.
Nice Shoes is a creative studio with locations in New York, Toronto,[1] Boston,[2] Chicago,[3] and Minneapolis;[4] specializing in production and post-production for commercials, web content, film, television, and music videos. Nice Shoes has worked on spots and campaigns for a variety of clients, such as Under Armour,[5] IBM,[6] Frontline,[7] Estee Lauder,[8] and Comedy Central.[9] The studio has a history of delivering award-winning work. Namely, the studio collaborated with Digitas to craft the Take It From A Fish campaign for Astrazeneca, the 2015 Grand Prix Lion winner in the Cannes Lions 'Pharma' category.[10]
Andreas Cristian Rosendahl (1864 – 7 January 1909) was a Danish chess master.[1]
The Pschorr cyclization is a name reaction in organic chemistry, which was named after its discoverer, the German chemist Robert Pschorr (1868-1930). It describes the intramolecular substitution of aromatic compounds via aryldiazonium salts as intermediates and is catalyzed by copper. The reaction is a variant of the Gomberg-Bachmann reaction.[1] The following reaction scheme shows the Pschorr cyclization for the example of phenanthrene:[2]
Selim Sivad: The Music of Miles Davis is an album by the jazz group the World Saxophone Quartet released on the Canadian Justin Time label. The album features performances by Hamiet Bluiett, John Purcell, Oliver Lake and David Murray, with guests Jack DeJohnette, Chief Bey, Okyerema Asante, and Titos Sompa and is dedicated to Miles Davis.
Alessandro Capriolo was an Italian engraver and printer.
Water Resources Research is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by the American Geophysical Union, covering research in the social and natural sciences of water. The editor-in-chief is Georgia Destouni (Stockholm University), who took over from Martyn Clark (2017-2020).
Wild Turkey is a brand of Kentucky straight bourbon whiskey distilled and bottled by the Wild Turkey Distilling Co, a division of Campari Group. The distillery is located near Lawrenceburg, Kentucky. It offers tours and is part of the American Whiskey Trail and the Kentucky Bourbon Trail.
Ulrich Friedrich Kopp (18 March 1762 in Kassel to 26 March 1834 in Marburg) was a German legal scholar and palaeographer.[1]
Charles-Félix-Hyacinthe Gouhier, comte de Charencey (November 8, 1832 in Paris – March 12, 1916 at the Château of Champ-Thierry in Saint-Maurice-lès-Charencey), was a French philologist.
Mombaça is a municipality in the state of Ceará in the Northeast region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
Abeno Shrine (阿部野神社, Abeno jinja) is a Shinto shrine located in Abeno-ku, Osaka Prefecture, Japan. Its main festival is held annually on January 24. It was founded in 1882, and enshrines the kami of Kitabatake Chikafusa and Kitabatake Akiie. It is one of the Fifteen Shrines of the Kenmu Restoration.
Antisthenes of Sparta was a Spartan admiral in the Peloponnesian war. Antisthenes was deployed in 412 BCE, as the commander of a squadron, to the coast of Asia Minor. He was named as the successor to Astyochus, in case the Spartan commissioners thought it necessary to deprive that officer of his command.[1] He is mentioned again in 399 BCE when, along with two other commissioners, he was sent to inspect the state of affairs in Asia, and announce to Dercyllidas that his command was to be prolonged for another year.[2] There was also an Athenian general called Antisthenes.[3]

Following is a list of current and former courthouses of the United States federal court system located in Iowa. Each entry indicates the name of the building along with an image, if available, its location and the jurisdiction it covers,[1] the dates during which it was used for each such jurisdiction, and, if applicable the person for whom it was named, and the date of renaming. Dates of use will not necessarily correspond with the dates of construction or demolition of a building, as pre-existing structures may be adapted or court use, and former court buildings may later be put to other uses. Also, the official name of the building may be changed at some point after its use as a federal court building has been initiated.
Qarah Aghaj-e Sofla (Persian: قره اغاج سفلي, also Romanized as Qarah Āghāj-e Soflá; also known as Qarah Āqāj-e Soflá and Qareh Āqāj-e Soflá)[1] is a village in Chaypareh-ye Pain Rural District, Zanjanrud District, Zanjan County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 356, in 64 families.[2]
A general election will be held in the U.S. state of Oregon on November 5, 2024.
The Five Public Notices (五榜の掲示, Gobō no keiji) were five officials bulletins posted on 7 April 1868 aimed at the common people, and which constituted the first decrees put out by the Meiji government of the Empire of Japan.

Sher Muhammad Qusab (died 20 September 2009), also called "the Official Butcher of Swat",[1] was a leader of the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan during the War in North-West Pakistan. He had a bounty of 10 million rupees ($120,000) on his head, and was known for killing civilians and policemen on video. He was captured during the Second Battle of Swat but died of his wounds.
Marian Lopez Fernandez-Cao (born 1964, Vigo, Pontevedra) is a Spanish university professor, curator and researcher, specializing in art, feminism, art therapy and social inclusion. Since 1992 she has been a professor in the Universidad Complutense of Madrid, and is expert on the artist Sonia Delaunay.[1]
Lenar Ravilevich Fattakhov (Russian: Ленар Равилевич Фаттахов; born 12 May 2003) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Rubin Kazan. He plays as a right back.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 181001 through 182000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements"[1] and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".[2] A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.

This is a list of notable individuals who were buried at the Congressional Cemetery in Washington, D.C., as well as those who are memorialized by cenotaphs.  In particular, many U.S. senators and U.S. representatives are memorialized by cenotaphs at the cemetery.
Alfred Jacob Kolatch (January 2, 1916 - February 7, 2007[1]) was an American rabbi known for his more than 50 published books, notably The Jewish Book of Why and his books on Jewish names.
Sabrina Artel's Trailer Talk is combination live performance, community event, and radio broadcast based in the New York's Catskills region. With her vintage 1965 Beeline travel trailer, Sabrina Artel travels to festivals and events where she invites individuals to participate in what she calls a "public conversation" in a relaxed and comfortable setting. These conversations are broadcast live through speakers mounted outside the trailer and many interviews are later aired on public radio station Radio Catskill WJFF-FM where Sabrina is a regular producer.[1] The New York Times article A 1965 Trailer Goes on the Road, and Catskill Residents Go on the Air [2] described Sabrina Artel's Trailer Talk as "an unusual blend of theater, activism and broadcast journalism."
Chrząszczewo [xʂɔ̃ʂˈt͡ʂɛvɔ] (German: Gristow)[1] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kamień Pomorski, within Kamień County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[2]
The People's Party of the Region of Murcia (Spanish: Partido Popular de la Región de Murcia, PP) is the regional section of the People's Party of Spain (PP) in the Region of Murcia. It was formed in 1989 from the re-foundation of the People's Alliance.
Folded optics is an optical system in which the beam is bent in a way to make the optical path much longer than the size of the system. This allows the resulting focal length of the objective to be greater than the physical length of the optical device. Prismatic binoculars are a well-known example. An early conventional film camera (35 mm) was designed by Tessina that used the concept of folded optics.
Maciej Olenderek (born 16 October 1992) is a Polish professional volleyball player. 
The 549th Volksgrenadier Division (German: 549. Volksgrenadier-Division) was a volksgrenadier infantry division of the German Army during World War II, active from 1944 to 1945. It was formed as the 549th Grenadier Division in July 1944 and became a volksgrenadier division several months later. Fighting on the Eastern Front, it was nearly destroyed in the East Prussian Offensive, with its remnants retreating west and surrendering to American troops at the end of the war. 
Rusty Nails (Rusty Osgood, born 1966) is an American director, writer, producer, and actor. He is best known for his feature-length B-movie Acne. Nails has also made several short films, including God is Dad, The Ramones and I, Grethel and Hansel, Animated Corpse, and Santiago vs. Wigface, which won a special recognition award.
Tim Lee Carter (September 2, 1910 – March 27, 1987) was an American politician serving as a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for the Commonwealth of Kentucky from 1965 until 1981.
Christian Wulff (21 February 1777 – 17 March 1843) was a Danish naval officer.  He commanded HDMS Bellona on her expedition to South America in 1840–41.
HD 42618 is a well-studied[7] star with an exoplanetary companion in the equatorial constellation of Orion. With an apparent visual magnitude of 6.85[2] it is too faint to be readily visible to the naked eye. This system is located at a distance of 79.6 light years from the Sun based on parallax measurements. It has a relatively high proper motion, traversing the celestial sphere at an angular rate of 0.321″ per year.[9] HD 42618 is drifting closer with a radial velocity of −53.5[4] km/s and is predicted to come as near as 42.6 light-years in around 297,000 years.[2]
Cataumet station is a former railroad station located on Post Office Square in Cataumet, Massachusetts.[1]
The Oklahoma Railway Museum is a 501(c)(3) tax exempt non-profit organization in Oklahoma City. It is self-funded through memberships, train fares, special events, donations, and grants for restoration projects. The growing membership, of approximately 210 members, has around 50 active members. Railroad operations are conducted under Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) rules, and the Museum is a member of the HeritageRail Alliance, Frontier Country Tourism, and an associate member of the Adventure District of Oklahoma City.[1]
The Fiat Cronos (Type 358S) is a subcompact car released in February 2018 by the Italian automaker Fiat. It is a sedan for the Latin American market based on the Argo hatchback.[2]
I've Always Loved You is a 1946 American drama musical film produced and directed by Frank Borzage and written by Borden Chase. The film stars Philip Dorn, Catherine McLeod, William Carter, Maria Ouspenskaya, Felix Bressart and Elizabeth Patterson.[3][4][5] Rare for a film produced by Republic Pictures, I've Always Loved You is a high-budget prestige production with an A-list director in Borzage.[6]
Augsburg Airport (IATA: AGB, ICAO: EDMA) is a regional airport in Affing, 7 km (4.3 mi) northeast of the city of Augsburg, the third largest city in the German state of Bavaria. It is used for business and general aviation with very little passenger airline traffic.
Chappel is an unincorporated community in Lamar County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.[1]
John William Linden Gillespie (May 1862 – June 24, 1926) was a Major League Baseball outfielder. He played one game in right field for the Buffalo Bisons of the Players' League in 1890. In that game, he had three at bats without a hit, and made three errors in four fielding chances.
Hassan Darsi (born 1961) is a Moroccan artist and a native of Casablanca.[1]
Roy Hollandsworth was a Republican member of the Montana Legislature. In 2008, he was elected to House District 28 which represents the Gallatin County area.[1] After the 2010 census he was reassigned to District 27.
The River Queen was a sidewheel steamer launched in 1864.  It soon became closely associated with President Abraham Lincoln and General Ulysses S. Grant while operating on the Potomac River, and was used for an unsuccessful peace conference in 1865 during the last year of the American Civil War. Later it operated as a ferry serving the islands of Martha's Vineyard and Nantucket during the late 19th century.  Late in its career, it returned to the Potomac as an excursion vessel, and in 1911, it was destroyed in a fire.
Robert Lee "Pat" Dillard (June 12, 1873 – July 22, 1907) was a professional baseball player from 1896 to 1906. He played one season in Major League Baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals. Dillard was 6 feet tall and weighed 180 pounds.[1]
Komorów [kɔˈmɔruf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cielądz, within Rawa County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 4 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of Cielądz, 6 km (4 mi) south-east of Rawa Mazowiecka, and 60 km (37 mi) east of the regional capital Łódź.
Cortes, officially the Municipality of Cortes (Cebuano: Munisipalidad sa Cortes; Tagalog: Bayan ng Cortes),  is a 5th class municipality in the province of Bohol, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 18,344 people.[3]
In archival science, a fonds is a group of documents that share the same origin and that have occurred naturally as an outgrowth of the daily workings of an agency, individual, or organization.[1] An example of a fonds could be the writings of a poet that were never published or the records of an institution during a specific period.
Familial dwarfism and painful muscle spasms is a very rare genetic disorder which is characterized by moderate-severe short stature, painful muscle spams of the limbs and torso, thin, sparse scalp hair, complete absence of body hair, large, low-set ears, broad nose, high-pitched voice, heart ventricle hypertrophy, and high fasting glucose levels. These symptoms usually begin in early childhood.[1] It has been described in two members from a family from Northern Argentina, although the number of affected members could be higher, since the only proof of more family members with the disorder (to be more specific, a double first cousin and the father of the patients) was an oral confirmation from the patients. Said double first cousin and father were not examined.[2]
Sheldon Lavin (June 17, 1932 – May 26, 2023) was an American billionaire businessman, and the owner, chief executive officer (CEO) and chairman of OSI Group, a US meat processor and the main hamburger supplier to McDonald's.[1] At his death, his net worth was estimated at US$3.1 billion.[1]
Isabelle Marques Vieira (born November 13, 1971) is a former Olympic freestyle swimmer from Brazil, who participated in a Summer Olympics for her native country.[1]
The Fort Gaines Historic District in Fort Gaines, Georgia is a 300 acres (1.2 km2) historic district which was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1984.[1]
The Binghamton Tiger Cats played their sixth season overall and fourth as a member of the Women's Spring Football League (WSFL) in 2014. The Tiger Cats Women's Tackle Football team based in Binghamton, New York began play for its inaugural 2009 season as a member of the Women's Football Alliance and for the 2010 season as a member of the Independent Women's Football League. The Tiger Cats competed as an independent team in 2011. The Tiger Cats completed the 2013 season as the WSFL Northeast Division Champions in the 8 man division and were also a WSFL National Championship Runner-Up.
Ralf-Stetysz ([ˈralf stɛtɨʂ]) was the marque of one of the earliest Polish car manufacturers begun in France and transferred to Poland in the 1920s.[1] It was formed in 1924, when Count Stefan Tyszkiewicz, an inventor and mechanical engineer, started a small automotive firm "Automobiles Ralf Stetysz" in Boulogne-Billancourt near Paris. The name was an acronym in Polish of the name "Rolniczo Automobilowo-Lotnicza Fabryka Stefana Tyszkiewicza" - "Agricultural-Automobile-Aero Factory of Stefan Tyszkiewicz").[2]
Canada is served by various multichannel television services, including cable television systems, two direct-broadcast satellite providers, and various other wireline IPTV and wireless MMDS video providers.
Rose Sutro (15 September 1870 – 11 January 1957) and Ottilie Sutro (4 January 1872 – 12 September 1970) were American sisters who were notable as one of the first recognised duo-piano teams.[1][2][3]  It has been claimed they were the first such team, but Willi and Louis Thern preceded them by almost 30 years. They were also noted confidence tricksters, repeatedly swindling the German composer Max Bruch by taking advantage of his trusting nature - first, by making and publishing unauthorized changes to his Concerto for Two Pianos and Orchestra in A-flat minor, and second, stealing and absconding with the autograph copy of his Violin Concerto No. 1 in G minor, later selling it in 1949.
Alabama elected its members August 1–3, 1827, after the term began but before the new Congress convened.
Keda (Georgian: ქედა [kʰɛdɑ]) is an urban-type settlement (daba) in the Autonomous Republic of Adjara, in southwestern Georgia, located 42 kilometres (26 mi) east of the regional capital Batumi. The town of 1,285 residents (2021[1]) is the administrative centre of the Keda Municipality, and is located at the confluence of the Acharistsqali (literally "river of Adjara") and Akavreta rivers, at an elevation of 256 metres (840 ft) above sea level.
Bo Sven Sune Bakke (born 3 May 1955 in Asker) is a Norwegian curler and world champion. He participated on the winning team in the demonstration event at the 1988 Winter Olympics.
Luis del Alcázar (Ludovicus ab Alcasar, Louis of Alcazar) (1554–1613) was a Spanish Jesuit theologian. 
Thaddeus "Tad" Joseph (born February 23, 1963) is retired male amateur boxer from Grenada, who fought at the 1988 Summer Olympics in the men's Bantamweight division.[1][2] He also represented Grenada at the 1987 Pan American Games.[3]
The Jamaica Democratic Party was a political party in Jamaica. It contested national elections in 1944 when it received 4.0% of the vote, but failed to win a seat.[1] It did not contest any further elections.[2]
William Lester Self Andrews is an American chemist who makes contributions to the ongoing development of quantum chemistry of metallic complexes. He is the Professor Emeritus of Chemistry at the University of Virginia. He won the Earle K. Plyler Prize for Molecular Spectroscopy in 2010 for "vibrational spectroscopy in cryogenic matrices that combined with quantum calculations, has led to the identification and characterization of many molecules, ions, and complexes across the periodic table".[1]
Cross Plains is a town in Dane County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,419 at the 2000 census. The Village of Cross Plains is located partially within the town. The unincorporated community of Pine Bluff is located in the town.
Jones Island is an island in Chemung County, New York. It is located on the eastern side of Elmira, on the Chemung River.
The molecular formula C12H22O (molar mass: 182.307 g/mol, exact mass: 182.1671 u) may refer to:
Point Beach Ridges is a 558-acre (226 ha) topography of alternating ridges and swales in Manitowoc County, Wisconsin.[1] The area is located within Point Beach State Forest.[2] It was designated a Wisconsin State Natural Area in 1971 and a National Natural Landmark in 1980.
11°55′54″N 79°49′59″E﻿ / ﻿11.9318°N 79.8331°E﻿ / 11.9318; 79.8331
Jaroslav Foldyna (born 26 June 1960) is a Czech politician and an MP in the Chamber of Deputies.
Crystal River Preserve State Park is a Florida State Park, originally known as the Crystal River Buffer Preserve. The Preserve comprises 27,500 acres of salt marsh, tidal creeks, mangrove islands, hardwood forests, coastal scrub and pine flat woods.
Agkud is a traditional Filipino fermented rice paste or rice wine of the Manobo people from Bukidnon. Agkud specifically refers to fermented three-day-old paste made with rice, ginger, sugarcane juice, and agonan or tapey (the yeast starter culture, also known as bubud or tapay in Tagalog and Visayan languages).  The rice wine pangasi  is made from agkud except fermented longer for at least one month. Modern versions of the agkud can use other sources of starch like cassava, sorghum, or corn. Hot peppers may also be used instead of ginger. Agkud is drunk during celebrations, rituals, and various social events.[1][2][3]
Mariama Camara is a Guinean politician and businesswoman. She is a former Minister Agriculture, and Minister of Trade,.[1][2]
Revenge of the Boarding School Dropouts is a 2009 snowboarding film and a sequel to Shred (2008) that stars Tom Green and Dave England. It was filmed at Big White Ski Resort in British Columbia, Canada.[1][2][3][4]
Caleb Moore (August 28, 1987 – January 31, 2013) was an American professional snowmobile racer, a quad freestyle motocross rider, and the only person to date to die as a result of injuries sustained during the X Games.[2] During his X Games career, Moore claimed four medals.[3]
The 1990 season of the Philippine Basketball League (PBL).
Louis-Constant Fleming (born 1 December 1946) is a member of the Senate of France, representing the island of Saint-Martin. He was born on the Dutch side of the island, Sint Maarten, where he attended primary school. He later left the island and went on to Canada. He has a degree in politics from a French university. He is a well known political figure in the French Caribbean, where he has held many positions. He is currently a member of the Union for a Popular Movement, and is the senator of Saint Martin. The only hospital in Saint Martin was named after him.
Miko–de Gribaldy was a Belgian professional cycling team that existed from 1974 to 1976.[1][2][3][4] The directeur sportif was former professional rider Jean de Gribaldy, who gave his name to the team. For the final year and a half of its history, its main sponsor was French ice cream manufacturer Miko, whose part-owner, Louis Ortiz, was a friend of de Gribaldy.[5] Its most notable victory was the 1974 Liège–Bastogne–Liège with Georges Pintens.[6]
Eleanor Mary Mellon (1894–1979) was an American sculptor.
Piano, solo is a 2007 Italian drama film directed by Riccardo Milani. It is based on the book by Walter Veltroni Il disco del mondo - Vita breve di Luca Flores, musicista and it depicts real life events of  jazz pianist and composer Luca Flores (it).[1][2][3]
Kathleen Ries Merikangas is the Chief of the Genetic Epidemiology Research Branch in the Intramural Research Program at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) and an adjunct professor of epidemiology at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health. She has published more than 300 papers, and is best known for her work in adolescent mental disorders.[1]
Of the many themes and involvements of Beanie Babies produced by Ty, Inc., one of them has been professional sports. Beanies have been used both to represent and promote various sports.
Vance Farmhouse, also known as Meeks Farmhouse, Dean's House, and Bicentennial House, is a historic home located on a West Virginia University farm at Morgantown, Monongalia County, West Virginia. The original section was built about 1854, and is a two-story, I house form brick dwelling. The 1+1⁄2-story rear addition was built before 1900, and the two-story side addition on the northeast elevation was added in the 1930s. It features a wrap-around porch added sometime before 1900.  The property was acquired for the West Virginia University Experiment Station in 1899.  It housed the dean of the College of Agriculture from 1915 to 1957.  During the United States Bicentennial in 1976, it was used as a showcase for exhibits on Monongalia County history.  It has housed the West Virginia University Institute for the History of Technology and Industrial Archeology and is currently home to West Virginia University Press.[2]
The following list is a discography of production by Noel "Detail" Fisher, an American hip hop record producer and recording artist. It includes a list of songs produced, co-produced and remixed by year, artist, album and title.
William Lincoln Christie (born December 19, 1944) is an American-born French conductor and harpsichordist.  He is a specialist in baroque and  classical repertoire and is the founder of the ensemble Les Arts Florissants.
The Queens Community Board 1 is a local advisory group in New York City, encompassing the neighborhoods of Astoria, Long Island City, Queensbridge, Ditmars, Ravenswood, Steinway, Garden Bay, and Woodside, in the Borough of Queens.[3] It also includes Rikers Island, the citywide correctional complex, which is within the Borough of the Bronx but connected by its only bridge to Astoria.[4] The Board's district is delimited by the East River on both west and north, by the Brooklyn–Queens Expressway on the east, and by Northern Boulevard, the Long Island Rail Road and Bridge Plaza North on the south.
WOBL (1320 AM) – branded Gold Country 1320 AM & 107.7 FM – is a commercial classic country radio station licensed to Oberlin, Ohio, serving Lorain County and western parts of Greater Cleveland.  WOBL also simulcasts over low-power Oberlin translator W299CJ (107.7 FM). The WOBL studios are located in Oberlin, as are the transmitters for both WOBL and W299CJ.  In addition to a standard analog transmission, WOBL is available online.
In homological algebra, a branch of mathematics, a quasi-isomorphism or quism is a morphism A → B of chain complexes (respectively, cochain complexes) such that the induced morphisms
Josef Skružný (15 March 1871 in Prague – 12 May 1948) was a Czech writer and journalist. As well as writing under his own name, he used various pseudonyms, including Venouš Dolejš (alternatively Venoušek Dolejš),[1] Matouš Česnek, and Venouš Huňáček.[2]
"Girlfriend" is the first single from the collaborative album Face Off by rapper Bow Wow and R&B singer Omarion. The music video for "Girlfriend" starts off with a song titled "Can't Get Tired" playing in the background before "Girlfriend" begins. "Can't Get Tired" is also from their album Face Off.
Cees Helder (born 1948 in Starnmeer [nl], North Holland) is a Dutch chef, former restaurant owner of Parkheuvel in Rotterdam. He was the first chief cook in the Netherlands to acquire three Michelin stars. 

The Sensations were a Jamaican vocal group which performed backing on many of the reggae hits of the late 1960s and early 1970s. Membership was fluid but centred on the original members Jimmy Riley, Cornel Campbell, Buster Riley and Aaron "Bobby" Davis.[1]
M2HB .50 caliber (12.7 mm) machine gun(s)
Benjamin Abramowitz (also known as "Ben Hoffman" during the late 1930s and early 1940s) was an American painter, printmaker, and sculptor. First recognized for his contribution at age 19 as senior artist with the Federal Art Project of the Works Progress Administration (WPA) in New York City, he is among the most respected Washington, D.C., artists of the past century.[3][4]
The Commuter is a 2018 American action thriller film directed by Jaume Collet-Serra and written by Byron Willinger, Philip de Blasi and Ryan Engle. The film stars Liam Neeson, Vera Farmiga, Patrick Wilson, Jonathan Banks, and Sam Neill. It follows a man who is unwittingly recruited into a murder conspiracy after meeting a mysterious woman while on his daily train commute.
En-men-lu-ana  appears as the first king of Bad-tibira in some version of the Sumerian King List. The list claims that En-men-lu-ana ruled for 43,200 years, and succeeded by Dumuzid the Shepard.[1] The kings on the early part of the SKL are usually not considered historical, except when they are mentioned in contemporary documents. En-men-lu-ana is not one of them.[2]
Bois-Anzeray is a commune in the Eure department in Normandy in northern France.
The 2008 Atlantic Championship season was the thirty-fifth Atlantic Championship season. It began on April 20, 2008 and ended on October 4, 2008. Despite the merger of Champ Car's premier series with the Indy Racing League, the Champ Car owners continued to own and operate the Atlantic Championship under a new legal entity, Atlantic Racing Series, LLC.[1] Champ Car continued to sanction the first two events of the season at Long Beach and Laguna Seca with the remainder of the season running under IMSA sanction.[2] The Cooper Tires Presents the Atlantic Championship Powered by Mazda Drivers' Champion was Markus Niemelä driving for Brooks Associates Racing.
Princess Kunegunda is a heroine of the legends of the Sudetes, and is said to have lived in Kynast Castle in Poland. To avoid marriage, she set a condition that her future spouse must complete a circuit along the castle's walls on horseback in armor. The particular difficulty of the task lay in the fact that the walls were narrower on the side of the castle bordering on a cliff. Many knights died trying to complete the task, until one of them accomplished it and rejected the love of the princess. In response, Kunegunda jumped over the edge.
The Ford Duratorq engine, commonly referred to as Duratorq, is the marketing name of a range of Ford diesel engines first introduced in 2000 for the Ford Mondeo range of cars. The larger capacity 5-cylinder units use the Power Stroke branding when installed in North American-market vehicles.
The World Group play-offs were four ties which involves the losing nations of the World Group first round and the winning nations of the World Group II. Nations that win their play-off ties entered the 2018 World Group, while losing nations joined the 2018 World Group II.
Teudelinda (7th-century – fl. 702) was a Duchess consort of Asti by marriage to king Ansprand.[1]
32 FM 94.9 is an Ibadan based station and Nigeria's first comedy radio station.[1]
It is designed to create and broadcast provocative, entertaining, no-holds-barred humorous content and programs not available to listeners anywhere else on the radio. 
The station started broadcasting on the 7th of November, 2017.[2]
It also features an Internet Radio service[3] and also available on other internet streaming platforms.[4][5] 
It is also tagged as the Fastest growing Radio Station in the South-West. On-Air Personalities of 32 FM 94.9 include Woli Agba, Alhaji Hamzat Oriyomi, MC Remote, Oluwatoyin Salau (Yellow Sisi), Adeniyi Kayode Samuel (Afouda) and a host of others.
Lorenzo Juan Sigaut (born 6 June 1933) is an Argentine economist.
The 2019 COSAFA Women's Championship is the seventh edition of the COSAFA Women's Championship, a women's international football tournament for national teams organised by COSAFA, teams from Southern Africa. It takes place from 31 July to 11 August in the Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality, South Africa.
Susanne Erichsen (born Susanne Firle; 30 December 1925, in Berlin-Steglitz – 13 January 2002, in Berlin) was a German beauty queen, model and entrepreneur.[1]
Hacienda Village (founded 1949) is a defunct town located in central Broward County, Florida in the United States.  It possessed both a police and fire department as well as various other municipal agencies, yet still relied heavily on Broward County for many services.  It was disincorporated in 1984 (allegedly having its charter revoked after the HVPD cited an influential state representative for a traffic infraction) and was subsequently absorbed into the nearby town of Davie, Florida.[citation needed]
A referendum on the new constitution of France was held in Niger on 28 September 1958 as part of a wider referendum held across the French Union. The new constitution would see the country become part of the new French Community if accepted, or result in independence if rejected. It was approved by 78.43% of voters.[1]
Salzano (Venetian: Salsan) is a town and comune in the Metropolitan City of Venice, Veneto, northern Italy, located 15 kilometres (9 mi) from Venice.
Dirty soda is a drink consisting of soda "spiked" with cream and flavored syrups or fruit juices. The drink has been described as "alcohol-free mocktails with optional flavor, cream and fruit add-ins".[1]
Bujumbura Rural Province is one of the 18 provinces of Burundi. Former President of Burundi Cyprien Ntaryamira was born here.
Islanovo (Russian: Исланово; Bashkir: Ислан), İslan) is a rural locality (a village) in Karacha-Yelginsky Selsoviet, Kushnarenkovsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 56 as of 2010.[2] There are 2 streets.
Lesch is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Kaşıkçılar, Nazilli is a village in the District of Nazilli, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of 2010 it had a population of 129 people.[1]
Luis Gustavo Lopes Santos (born 5 July 1989), known as Luis Gustavo, is a Brazilian footballer who plays as a right back for Portuguesa.
Dragutin Brahm (26 August 1909, Zagreb – 27 June 1938, Starigrad) was a Yugoslav mountain climber. He died while attempting the first ascent of the Anica kuk wall in the Paklenica climbing area, making him the first casualty in the history of Croatian rock climbing.
Kristan Higgins is a New York Times, USA Today, Wall Street Journal, and Publishers Weekly bestselling American author of humorous contemporary romance. She is a three-time winner of Romance Writers of America's RITA Award and a five-time nominee for the Kirkus Prize for Best Work of Fiction.
Who Am I? is a 1921 American silent drama film directed by Henry Kolker and starring Claire Anderson, Gertrude Astor and Niles Welch.[1]
Soft grunge is a fashion trend that originated on Tumblr around the late 2000s and early 2010s, influenced by grunge fashion and other 1990s fashion styles.
The Big Easel is an installation art piece, created by Canadian artist Cameron Cross, and located in the town of Emerald in Central Queensland, Australia. 
Obuasi Airport is a private airport serving the town of Obuasi in Obuasi Municipal District of the Ashanti Region of Ghana.[1]
Smooth & Legit is the debut album by Smooth, known as MC Smooth at the time. It was released on April 27, 1990, by independent label Crush Music and produced by her brother Chris Stokes and former N.W.A member, Arabian Prince. The album reached No. 72 on the Billboard Top R&B Albums chart.
Spiridon Pavlovych Kilinkarov (Ukrainian: Спірідон Павлович Кілінкаров; born on 14 September 1968) is a Ukrainian pro-Russian public and political figure, a former member of the Communist Party of Ukraine, and a former member of the Verkhovna Rada of the V, VI and VII convocations. He is an expert of state-owned Russian television companies on Ukrainian-Russian relations and the internal political situation in Ukraine since 2014.
Lucas is the second album by Ghostly International artist Skeletons and the first under their new name of Skeletons and the Kings of All Cities. It was released in 2007.
USS Liberator may refer to:
Peeltown is an unincorporated community in Kaufman County, located in the U.S. state of Texas.[1]
Gabay is an English, Dutch, French, Spanish and Jewish surname, and derives from the Aramaic word Gabbai. The name is usually borne by people of Sephardic Jewish descent. For people with the surname spelled Gabai, see Gabai. Notable people with this surname include:
Daur is a town and headquarters of Daur taluka located in the district Shaheed Benazir Abad (Nawabshah), Sindh, Pakistan. Daur is a hub for agriculture and animal farms. It was badly damaged by the floods in 2010.[3]
The geography of Mesoamerica describes the geographic features of Mesoamerica, a culture area in the Americas inhabited by complex indigenous pre-Columbian cultures exhibiting a suite of shared and common cultural characteristics.  Several well-known Mesoamerican cultures include the Olmec, Teotihuacan, the Maya, the Aztec and the Purépecha.  Mesoamerica is often subdivided in a number of ways.  One common method, albeit a broad and general classification, is to distinguish between the highlands and lowlands.  Another way is to subdivide the region into sub-areas that generally correlate to either culture areas or specific physiographic regions.
SMCS, the Submarine Command System, was first created for the Royal Navy of the United Kingdom's Vanguard-class submarines as a tactical information system and a torpedo weapon control system. Versions have now also been installed on all active Royal Navy submarine classes.
Bizen-Hara Station (備前原駅, Bizen-Hara-eki) is a passenger railway station located in the Takebe-chō neighborhood of Kita-ku of the city of Okayama, Okayama Prefecture, Japan. It is operated by West Japan Railway Company (JR West).[1]
The Bay Theatre is a single-screen movie theater in Seal Beach, California, United States. It is best known for its screenings of foreign and independent films, and for its revival screenings. The Bay Theatre is also home to a Wurlitzer organ, which is used for concerts and silent film screenings.
Oskar Elofsson (born 24 September 1998) is a Swedish freestyle skier.[1] He competed in the 2022 Winter Olympics.[2]
Fruchtman or Fruchtmann is a Jewish surname that may refer to
Amédée William Merlaud-Ponty (4 February 1866 – 13 June 1915) was a French colonial administrator. He was a Governor General of French West Africa (1908–1915) who particularly interested himself in the economic development and education of Africa.
The 1925–26 United States collegiate men's ice hockey season was the 32nd season of collegiate ice hockey in the United States.
La Fortuna is a district of the San Carlos canton, in the Alajuela province of Costa Rica.[1][2]
This is a list of paintings by Victor Meirelles.
There have long been ideological restrictions on naturalization in United States law. Nativism and anti-anarchism at the turn of the 20th century, the red scare in the 1920s, and further fears against communism in the 1950s each shaped United States nationality law. Though ideological exclusions on entry were largely eliminated in 1990, ideological bars arising from each of these time periods and prior still exist in American naturalization law. This long history has resulted in a naturalization statute that requires naturalization applicants to be "attached to the principles of the Constitution of the United States" (a requirement that has existed since the earliest US immigration laws) and forbids them from adhering to several more specific ideological principles such as totalitarianism, communism, and anarchism.
Sitnica [ɕitˈnit͡sa] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dobiegniew, within Strzelce-Drezdenko County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.[1] It lies approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Dobiegniew, 37 km (23 mi) north-east of Strzelce Krajeńskie, and 62 km (39 mi) north-east of Gorzów Wielkopolski.
James Michael Weatherwax (born January 9, 1943) is a former American football player.  He played professionally as a defensive tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Green Bay Packers.  He played college football at San Bernardino Valley College, California State University, Los Angeles and West Texas A&M University. 
Fallis is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
"Welcome to Heartlight" is a Kenny Loggins song from his 1982 concept album, High Adventure.
Idlorpait is a former Moravian mission in southernmost Greenland located between the missions at Lichtenau and Friedrichsthal.[1]
Queen Fu (Chinese: 苻王后; personal name unknown) was a queen of the Xianbei-led Chinese Western Qin dynasty. Her husband was Qifu Gangui (King Wuyuan).
Anna Birgitta Hedenmo, née Olsson (born 21 March 1961) is a Swedish journalist and television presenter who has worked for SVT since 1993.[1] She is best known as the presenter of Agenda and the interview show Min Sanning. She has as well been a news reader for Rapport and Aktuellt.[2] During the 2010 and 2014 General Election in Sweden she and Mats Knutson presented the traditional party leaders interrogations as well as the final debate with all the party leaders. Other shows that Hedenmo has presented include Vi i femman (as judge in the knowledge section), SVT  coverage in 2003 of the Euro-vote, Bumerang, Debatt, Millenniet jorden runt (show that covered the new Millennium and how every country celebrated it on New Year's Eve) and Gomorron Sverige.[3][4]

Philip Mainwaring Johnston fsa friba (1865–1936), also known as PM Johnston, was a British architect and architectural historian.
Minamoto no Sanetomo (源 実朝, September 12, 1192 – February 12, 1219, r. 1203–1219) was the third shōgun of the Kamakura shogunate. He was the second son of the Kamakura shogunate founder, Minamoto no Yoritomo. His mother was Hōjō Masako and his older brother was the second Kamakura shogun Minamoto no Yoriie.
Gustavo Adolfo Salinas Camiña (1893–1964) was a pioneer aviator.[1] He was the first to use a plane to attack a ship at sea in the action of 9 April 1914.[2] He is buried in the "Panteón Municipal San José" located in the city of Cuatro Ciénegas de Carranza, Coahuila, México.[2]
Hilarius Breitinger, OFM Conv (7 June 1907 – 23 August 1994) was a German Franciscan prelate made apostolic administrator of the Reichsgau Wartheland during World War II by Pope Pius XII, one of the most controversial examples of the reorganization of occupied dioceses during World War II. Breitinger's appointment and those like it were the justification of the Polish Provisional Government for declaring the Concordat of 1925 "null and void" in 1945.

King George V Playing Fields were established in memory of King George V, who died in 1936.
Trimethylsilyl cyclopentadiene is an organosilicon compound with the chemical formula C5H5Si(CH3)3.  It exists as a colorless liquid. It is used in the synthesis of some metal cyclopentadienyl complexes and has attracted interest for its fluxional structure.
The Third Kohl cabinet was the state government of the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate from 20 May 1975 until 2 December 1976. The Cabinet was headed by Minister President Helmut Kohl and was formed by the Christian Democratic Union. On 20 May 1975 Kohl was elected and sworn in as Minister President by the Landtag of Rhineland-Palatinate.[1]
Vikings is the third studio album by Danish rock band New Politics, released on August 14, 2015 via DCD2 Records and Warner Bros. Records. Three singles were released, titled "Everywhere I Go (Kings & Queens)", "West End Kids" and "Girl Crush". "West End Kids" is featured in the video game NHL 16[citation needed] and "Everywhere I Go (Kings & Queens)" is featured in the video game Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 and a trailer for the 2016 Amazon Prime series The Tick[2].
The Czech referendum on the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe was expected to take place in 2006 to decide whether the Czech Republic should ratify the proposed Constitution of the European Union. Following the rejection of the Constitution by voters in France and the Netherlands, the Czech government announced that the proposed referendum would not be held.
The Bacchoi is a rock musical with book and lyrics by Bryan Nason and music by Ralph Tyrrell, based on The Bacchae by Euripides.[1]
Promise, Promise Land or Promised Land was an unincorporated community founded in rural Dickson County, Tennessee, United States,[1] north of Charlotte soon after the American Civil War by formerly enslaved people. At one time the settlement included stores, two church buildings (housing three congregations), a schoolhouse and around thirty houses.

Gordon John Lord (born 25 April 1961) is an English cricket coach, coach educator, and retired first-class cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman who played for Warwickshire and Worcestershire, but who despite a promising start in which he played three youth tests for England never fulfilled this promise and retired well short of 100 first-class games.
The Churchill School, located in Baker City, Oregon, is a former public school listed on the National Register of Historic Places.[2]
Zeek is a free and open-source software network analysis framework. Vern Paxson began development work on Zeek in 1995 at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab.[3] Zeek is a network security monitor (NSM) but can also be used as a network intrusion detection system (NIDS).[4] The Zeek project releases the software under the BSD license.
Tana Elaine Wood is a biogeochemist and ecosystem scientist with a focus in land-use and climate change.[1] Her research is focused on looking into how these issues affect tropical forested ecosystems and particularly focuses on soil science and below ground research efforts.[1]
Gullbranna is a locality situated in Halmstad Municipality, Halland County, Sweden, with 667 inhabitants in 2020.[1]
Smokey's Family Robinson is an album by Smokey Robinson, released in 1976. The title is a pun on The Swiss Family Robinson.
Shahidabad (Persian: شهيداباد, also Romanized as Shahīdābād; also known as Cham Bayān and Cham-e Bayān)[1] is a village in Shahidabad Rural District, Mashhad-e Morghab District, Khorrambid County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 687, in 182 families.[2]
Bayravand or Chaghalvandi District (Persian: بخش چغلوندی) is a district (bakhsh) in Khorramabad County, Lorestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 11,378, in 2,462 families.[1]  The District has one city: Chaghalvandi.  The District contains two Rural Districts: Beyranvand-e Jonubi Rural District and Beyranvand-e Shomali Rural District.
Anton Tkachev (Russian: Антон Олегович Ткачев; born 31 March 1994, Voronezh) is a Russian political figure and a deputy of the 8th State Duma.[1]
Hefker beth-din hefker (alternative spelling: hefker beit din hefker) (Hebrew: הפקר בית דין הפקר), "that which is declared by a court ownerless property is forthwith accounted ownerless property", is a principle in Jewish religious law that stipulates the right of a Jewish court of law in what regards jus in re aliena (lit. "right to another person's property").[1] The principle is derived from an episode in the Book of Ezra, where Ezra the Scribe commanded the Jewish people to return to their former country, threatening to confiscate the property of anyone who refuses to go-up to the Land of Israel, after having lived in exile.[2][3]
Klaus Händl (born September 17, 1969) is an Austrian actor, writer and director.
The Neutra Office Building is a 4,800-square-foot (450 m2) office building in the Silver Lake section of Los Angeles, California.  The building was owned and designed by Modernist architect Richard Neutra in 1950.  It served as the studio and office for Neutra's architecture practice from 1950 until Neutra's death in 1970.  The building has been declared a Historic Cultural Monument and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.  It was listed for sale in 2007 at an asking price of $3,500,000.
43°51′N 16°27′E﻿ / ﻿43.850°N 16.450°E﻿ / 43.850; 16.450
Mario Toffanin a.k.a. his nom de guerre "Giacca" (English “Jacket”) (Padua, 9 November 1912 – Sežana (Slovenia), 22 January 1999) was an Italian Communist partisan and responsible for the Porzûs massacre.
Bossou  is a town and sub-prefecture in the Lola Prefecture in the Nzérékoré Region of south-eastern Guinea.[1] Much of the sub prefecture consists of the Mount Nimba Strict Nature Reserve. The Bossou Hills Reserve situated at the south-eastern limit of the city, which is famous for its chimpanzees habituated to humans, and make Bossou Hills the best chimpanzee observer place in Western Africa.
Abu Ubaid al-Qasim ibn Sallam al-Khurasani al-Harawi (Arabic: أبو عبيد القاسم بن سلاّم الخراساني الهروي, romanized: Abū ‘Ubayd al-Qāsim ibn Sallām al-Khurāsānī al-Harawī; c. 770–838) was an Arab philologist and the author of many standard books on lexicography, Qur’anic sciences, hadith, and fiqh.
Gerda von Zobeltitz (9 June, 1891 in Rixdorf, Berlin - 29 March 1963 in Berlin) was a German dressmaker and one of the first recognized transgender people in the late German Empire and early Weimar Republic. 
3E7A, 3E7B, 3EGG, 3EGH, 3HVQ, 3N5U, 3V4Y, 4G9J, 4MOV, 4MOY, 4MP0, 4XPN, 1FJMFond of Tigers is a Canadian seven-piece post-rock instrumental band from Vancouver. An article in Exclaim! describes the band's sound: "with cacophonous explosions of percussion and guitar underlying wild strains of trumpet and violin, only to drop out for unexpected, ambient glimmers of a once-roaring piece."[1]
Ardèle ou la Marguerite is a 1948 play by French dramatist Jean Anouilh. It was the first of his self-styled pièces grinçantes – i.e., 'grating' black comedies. According to Anouilh's biographer Edward Owen Marsh, "In this angry, pessimistic work Anouilh shows himself a master at the height of his powers in every aspect of his craft... Ardèle is a terribly bitter play, but it holds the imagination as a piece of poetic theatre."[1]
This is a list of HV71 seasons through franchise history.[1]
Georg Jakob Felsing (22 July 1802, Darmstadt - 9 June 1883, Darmstadt) was a German line-engraver.
Ralukadevi is a village development committee in Nuwakot District in the Bagmati Zone of central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 4238 people living in 818 individual households.[1]
The Penske PC-26 was designed by Nigel Bennett and manufactured by Penske Cars in Poole, Dorset, for the 1997 CART Championship.[1] Whilst a development of the PC-25, the PC-26 was designed to address the twitchy nature of the previous year's car.[2]
North Hampton State Beach is a one-acre state park located on the Atlantic Ocean in the town of North Hampton, New Hampshire. The park offers swimming at a sandy beach with a bathhouse and metered parking.[4][5]
Marta Natalia Filomena "Marina" Cisternas Holley (5 May 1897 – 26 January 1992)[1] was a Chilean American actress, author, and journalist.  She became active as a journalist in Hollywood and in the Hollywood Foreign Press Association (HFPA). She is credited with helping design the Golden Globe trophy.[2][3] She was the leading Spanish language columnist in Hollywood.[4]
Mother coins (traditional Chinese: 母錢; simplified Chinese: 母钱; pinyin: mǔ qián), alternatively known as seed coins or matrix coins,[1] were coins used during the early stages of the casting process to produce Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Ryukyuan, and Vietnamese cash coins. As cash coins were produced using sand casting mother coins were first produced to form the basis for all subsequent cash coins to be released into circulation. Under the Han dynasty in China mints started producing cash coins using bronze master moulds to solve inconsistencies in circulating coins, this only worked partially and by the sixth century mother coins were introduced to solve these inconsistencies almost completely. The Japanese adopted the usage of mother coins in the 600s and they were used to manufacture cast Japanese coins until the Meiji period. The mother coin was initially prepared by engraving a pattern with the legend of the cash coin which had to be manufactured. In the manufacturing process mother coins were used to impress the design in moulds which were made from easily worked metals such as tin and these moulds were then placed in a rectangular frame made from pear wood filled with fine wet sand, possibly mixed with clay, and enhanced with either charcoal or coal dust to allow for the molten metal to smoothly flow through, this frame would act as a layer that separates the two parts of the coin moulds. The mother coin was recovered by the people who cast the coins and was placed on top of the second frame and the aforementioned process was repeated until fifteen layers of moulds had formed based on this single mother coin. After cooling down a "coin tree" (錢樹) or long metallic stick with the freshly minted cash coins attached in the shape of "branches" would be extracted from the mould and these coins could be broken off and if necessary had their square holes chiseled clean, after this the coins were placed on a long metal rod to simultaneously remove the rough edges for hundreds of coins and then these cash coins could be strung together and enter circulation.[2][3]
Andrea di Bertholotti (also called Bellunello) of Cividale (active 15th century) was an Italian  painter and a master in the Guild of San Vito in 1462. He seems to have contracted for altar-pieces and mural decorations in Udine, San Vito and the surrounding towns, up to 1490. At the Palazzo Communale of Udine is a Crucifixion (1476). The sacristy of Santa Maria di Castello in San Vito possesses by him a Virgin and Child, between SS. Peter and Paul, dated 1488. In Savorgnano is a Madonna (1490).
Akalın (Kurdish: Bajêrge, Syriac: Bāshirgā) is a village in Yüksekova District in Hakkâri Province in Turkey.[2] The village is populated by Kurds of the Pinyanişî tribe and had a population of 1,610 in 2021.[1][3]
César Ezequiel Horst (born May 4, 1989 in Gualeguaychú (Entre Ríos), Argentina) is an Argentine footballer currently playing for Deportes Copiapó of the Segunda División Chilena.
A literary festival, also known as a book festival or writers' festival, is a regular gathering of writers and readers, typically on an annual basis in a particular city. A literary festival usually features a variety of presentations and readings by authors, as well as other events, delivered over a period of several days, with the primary objectives of promoting the authors' books and fostering a love of literature and writing.
The FIA WTCR Race of Germany, previously known as the FIA WTCC Race of Germany, is a round of the World Touring Car Cup, which originally was held at the Motorsport Arena Oschersleben in Germany.
The 2019 Sultan of Johor Cup was the ninth edition of the Sultan of Johor Cup, an international men's under–21 field hockey tournament in Malaysia. It was held in Johor Bahru, Malaysia from 12 to 19 October 2019.[1][2]
African Sanctus is a 1972 choral Mass and is the best-known work of British composer and collector of world musics David Fanshawe.[1]
The Saab 38 (also known as B3LA or A 38/Sk 38) was a single-engine jet trainer and attack aircraft planned by Saab during the 1970s. The project was a collaboration between Saab and the Italian aircraft manufacturer Aermacchi.[citation needed]  It was to replace the older Saab 105 jet trainer in the Swedish Air Force, but  the aircraft never got past the drawing board and was canceled in 1979 in favour of the more advanced Saab JAS 39 Gripen fighter.
Tammie Wilson was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives, representing District 3.[2]
Group B of the 2002 Fed Cup Europe/Africa Zone Group II was one of four pools in the Europe/Africa Zone Group II of the 2002 Fed Cup. Three teams competed in a round robin competition, with the team placings determining where they will be positioned within the play-offs.
A Shocking Night is a 1921 American silent comedy film directed by and starring Eddie Lyons and Lee Moran. The cast also included Alta Allen and Lionel Belmore.[1]
The A5 class was a type of patrol/customs vessels of the Hellenic Navy, two of which were built at the Lavrion Shipyards in 1930, based on Italian designs. They were armed with a 76 mm gun, a machine gun, as well as depth charges. Both were destroyed during WWII (1941), the first bombed by RAF after it had been seized by the Germans.  
Salpaus Further Education (Koulutuskeskus Salpaus or Salpaus) is a regional college providing vocational education and training, staff development services and general upper secondary education in the Lahti region, Päijänne Tavastia province, Finland. Salpaus operates in six different locations, in Lahti, Asikkala, Heinola, Hollola, Nastola and Orimattila.
The Saarland Football Association (German: Saarländischer Fußballverband; SFV) is one of 21 state organisations of the German Football Association, the DFB, and covers the state of Saarland.[1]
The Alabama Library Association (ALLA) is a professional organization for Alabama's librarians and library workers. It is headquartered in Montgomery, Alabama. It was founded on November 21, 1904, in Montgomery.[1] Thomas Owen, director of the Alabama Department of Archives, was the association's first President  from 1904 through 1920.[1]
Rhododendron rousei is a species of Rhododendron native to the Philippines.[1][2]
Jassuda Bédarrides (2 April 1804 – 4 February 1882) was a French lawyer and politician. He served as the Mayor of Aix-en-Provence from 1848 to 1849. As such, he was the first Jewish Mayor of this city.
The season 1968–69 of the Tercera División (3rd Level) of the Spanish football started on August 1968 and ended on May–June 1969 the regular phase.
Sergeant Cornel Young Jr. (May 19, 1970 – January 28, 2000), known to his friends as "Jai," was a black police officer in Providence, Rhode Island, who was fatally shot by two fellow police officers on January 28, 2000, when he stepped in on a scuffle while off duty. This sparked outrage and allegations of racial profiling. Young had served with the police department for three years, and had been trained with one of the shooters. The police officers who shot him were not charged. His mother filed a civil rights suit against the city of Providence and against the police responsible for his shooting, but the suit was unsuccessful. Young was posthumously promoted to the rank of Sergeant. Cornel Young Jr. is commemorated with an elementary school named after him and a scholarship fund in his name.
A list of books and essays about Mario Monicelli:
The Municipality of Jezersko (pronounced [jɛˈzɛːɾskɔ]; Slovene: Občina Jezersko pronunciation (help·info)) is a municipality in northern Slovenia. In 1995, Jezersko became part of Preddvor and became an independent municipality in 1998.[2] Originally located in the historic region of Carinthia, it became part of the Upper Carniola Statistical Region in 2005. The seat of the municipality is the town of Zgornje Jezersko.
Leon R. Hartshorn (January 16, 1929 – August 11, 2015)[1] was a religion professor at Brigham Young University (BYU) and an author of many books. Most of his books were the collections of stories about leaders or members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). In the LDS Church, Hartshorn has been a bishop and the president of the Missouri St. Louis Mission.
Kim Kilsdonk (born 31 March 1979) is a Dutch former professional tennis player.
The Battle of Dazhongji (大中集战斗) was fought between the nationalists and the communists during the Chinese Civil War in the immediate post-World War II era in Jiangsu, China and resulted in the communist victory.
Wilderness.net is a website that provides public information about the 756 units of the National Wilderness Preservation System in the United States. Resources available include general information about each wilderness area, such as recreational activities, access methods and management policies. For most wilderness areas, a library of photographs is also provided. The site is a partnership between the United States Forest Service and the University of Montana.
Old Chief v. United States, 519 U.S. 172 (1997), discussed the limitation on admitting relevant evidence set forth in Federal Rule of Evidence 403.  Under this rule, otherwise relevant evidence may be excluded if the probative value of the evidence is substantially outweighed by the danger of unfair prejudice, confusion of the issues, misleading the jury, or considerations of undue delay, wasting time, or needless presentation of cumulative evidence.  In this case, Old Chief offered to stipulate to the fact of a prior conviction, which was an element of the crime with which he was charged.  The prosecution resisted this stipulation, arguing that it had the right to present its case in any manner it chose.  In Old Chief, the Court applied Rule 403 to the particular situation presented by this case, and concluded that Rule 403 required the trial court to accept the defendant's stipulation to a prior conviction over the prosecution's objection.
Fushimi (written: 伏見) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The El Indio Gold Belt is a mineral-rich region spanning the border between Chile and Argentina that contains large quantities of gold, silver and copper.  On both sides of the border the belt is located within the Andes.[1]
The El Indio mine within the district was the first modern mine in Chile to produce gold as its main product.  In Chile the main precious metal containing mineral is enargite.  The El Indio belt is bordered in the north by another gold-silver mining district known as the Frontera District.[2] Rodalquilarite, alunite and poughite are some of the minerals present in the area.[3]  The deposits of the belt formed during the Late Miocene period.[4]
Jublains (French pronunciation: ​[ʒyblɛ̃]) is a commune in the Mayenne department in north-western France.
Boneh-ye Kazem (Persian: بنه كاظم, also Romanized as Boneh-ye Kāz̧em; also known as Band-e Sho‘eybīyeh)[1] is a village in Shoaybiyeh-ye Gharbi Rural District, Shadravan District, Shushtar County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 144, in 21 families.[2]
Khazri Buzovna was an Azerbaijan football club from Buzovna. The team participated in the Azerbaijan Premier League between 1994 and 1998.
Norman E. Sjoman [1]  (born July 6, 1944, Mission City) is known as author of the 1996 book The Yoga Tradition of the Mysore Palace, which contains an English translation of the yoga section of Sritattvanidhi, a 19th-century treatise by the Maharaja of Mysore, Krishnaraja Wodeyar III  (b. 1794 - d. 1868).  This book contributes an original view on the history and development of the teaching traditions behind modern asanas.[2][3][4]   According to Sjoman, a majority of the tradition of teaching yoga as exercise, spread primarily through the teachings of B. K. S. Iyengar and his students, "appears to be distinct from the philosophical or textual tradition [of hatha yoga], and does not appear to have any basis as a [genuine] tradition as there is no textual support for the asanas taught and no lineage of teachers."[5]
The Crowell–Bourne Farm is a historic 1775 farmhouse on West Falmouth Highway (Route 28A) in West Falmouth, Massachusetts.
Victoria S. Sigler (born 1951) is a judge of the Miami-Dade County Circuit Court.  She was the first openly gay circuit judge in Florida.[1]
The Hominy School, constructed in 1904, is 50 feet x 40 feet, and 20 feet high. The bell tower was removed in the 1940s, but replaced in 1980 with the original bell. It was the first and oldest school in Hominy.[1][2]
George Alan Peapples (born November 6, 1940; died March 7, 2012) was a General Motors executive who was United States Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) from 1977 to 1980.
Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, 542 U.S. 507 (2004), is a United States Supreme Court case in which the Court recognized the power of the U.S. government to detain enemy combatants, including U.S. citizens, but ruled that detainees who are U.S. citizens must have the rights of due process, and the ability to challenge their enemy combatant status before an impartial authority.
IBM System/36 BASIC was an interpreter for the IBM System/36 midrange computer.
The status of creation and evolution in public education has been the subject of substantial debate and conflict in legal, political, and religious circles.[1] Globally, there is a wide variety of views on the topic. Most western countries have legislation that mandates only evolutionary biology is to be taught in the appropriate scientific syllabuses.[2]
The 2006 Individual Speedway Junior World Championship was the 30th edition of the World motorcycle speedway Under-21 Championships.[1][2]
Robberds is a surname. Notable people with the surname include: 
Mischa Portnoff (August 29, 1901 – May 15, 1979) was a German-born American composer and teacher.
Marionette Holmes is an American economist who is currently Chair of the Department of Economics at Spelman College. She serves on the boards of the Committee on the Status of Women in the Economics Profession[1] and the Sadie Collective,[2] and is an advisory board member of the Journal of Economic Perspectives.[3]
Writ is a legal commentary website on the topic of the law of the United States hosted by FindLaw. The website is no longer adding content, having published its last entry in August 2011. Before then, Writ published at least one new column by one of its regular columnists every business day, and frequently posted a second column by a guest columnist. The regular columnists were all notable attorneys. Almost all contributors are law professors; some are former law clerks from the U.S. Supreme Court; some are past or present federal prosecutors; one is a former Counsel to the President; one is a novelist, and one is the current director of the Terrorism and Counterterrorism Program of Human Rights Watch. The guest columnists also tend to be law professors or seasoned attorneys. When the website was still producing new content, columnists commented both on notable ongoing court cases and recent court decisions, as well as on current events.
The North Palm Beach Public Library is a public library in North Palm Beach, Florida. The library is an independent library in Palm Beach County and is not a part of library system. The library circulates approximately 48,000 items per year. The library services 12,177 residents.[1]
The Palio di Parma is a festival that is held once a year in the northern Italian town of Parma, and traces back to the ancient "Scarlet Run".[1] The Palio is normally hold on the third weekend of September.
Nikos K. Logothetis (Greek: Νίκος Λογοθέτης; born 5 November 1950 in Istanbul, Turkey) is a Greek biologist and neuroscientist. Logothetis studies visual perception and object recognition; he is well-known for his work demonstrating that BOLD fMRI data is related to neuronal activity.[1] Logothetis directed the department of Physiology of Cognitive Processes at the Max Planck Institute for Biological Cybernetics in Tübingen from 1996 to 2020. He will co-direct the International Center for Primate Brain Research in Shanghai beginning in late 2020 or early 2021.[2]
The Angiosperm Phylogeny Website (or APweb) is a website dedicated to research on angiosperm phylogeny and taxonomy.
Nysa or Nyssa (Greek: Νύσ(σ)α, c. 2nd century BC) was a Greek Seleucid princess and a queen of the Kingdom of Pontus.
The Thracian horseman (also "Thracian Rider" or "Thracian Heros") is a recurring motif depicted in reliefs of the Hellenistic and Roman periods in the Balkans—mainly Thrace, Macedonia,[1][2] Thessaly[3] and Moesia—roughly from the 3rd century BC to the 3rd century AD. Inscriptions found in Romania identify the horseman as Heros and Eros (latin transcriptions of Ἥρως) and also Herron and Eron (latin transcriptions of Ἥρων), apparently the word heros used as a proper name.[3] He is sometimes addressed in inscriptions merely as κύριος, δεσπότης or ἥρως.[4]
Inscriptions from Bulgaria give the names Salenos and Pyrmerula/Pirmerula.[5]

The Mpofana Local Municipality council consists of nine members elected by mixed-member proportional representation. Five councillors are elected by first-past-the-post voting in five wards, while the remaining four are chosen from party lists so that the total number of party representatives is proportional to the number of votes received. In the election of 3 August 2016 the African National Congress (ANC) won a majority of seven seats on the council.
Rich Gunning (born June 15, 1966) is an American voice-over artist, radio commercial producer and former traffic reporter based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.[1]
This article describes all the 2014 seasons of Formula Renault series across the world.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 522001 through 523000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements"[1] and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".[2] A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.
Özüdoğru is a Turkish surname[1] formed by the combination of the two Turkish words öz ("gist; kernel") and doğru ("true; right") and may refer to:
Gilma Jiménez (1956 – June 29, 2013) was a Colombian politician. She was a member of the Senate for Bogota.
Saint-Pellerin is a former commune in the Eure-et-Loir department in northern France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune Commune nouvelle d'Arrou.[2]
Ostscheider Bach is a small river of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It flows into the Werre near Löhne.
The Edward Simon Lewis House is an historic house, located at 456 N Street, Southwest, Washington, D.C. in the Southwest Waterfront neighborhood.[2]
600 @ Toa Payoh, formerly Central Cinema (中央戏院) and Kong Chian Cinema (光前戏院), is a commercial building and a former cinema in Toa Payoh town centre which was located near the Toa Payoh Public Library. The building currently houses a pool centre, amenities, eateries and a 24 hours McDonald's fast food restaurant.

Bradd Westmoreland (born 1975) is an Australian painter.[1]
Murray Turnbull (1919–2014) was an American artist and art educator, but is best known as the founder of the East–West Center in Honolulu.[1] He was born in Sibley, Iowa. He received a BFA from the University of Nebraska in 1941 and an MA from the University of Denver in 1949. In 1954, he began teaching at the University of Hawaii[2] In 1959, while acting dean of the university's College of Arts and Sciences, Turnbull first proposed an "international college" for all the peoples of Asia and the Pacific. The idea was advanced by Hawaii's delegate to the U.S. House of Representatives (and later governor) John A. Burns, who, with the help of Senate Majority Leader Lyndon B. Johnson, obtained federal funding for an international university in Hawaii, now known as the East–West Center.[3] Turnbull retired from the University of Hawaii as a professor emeritus in 1985.
Climate Dynamics is a peer-reviewed scientific journal published by Springer Science+Business Media. It covers all aspects of the dynamics of global climate systems, including analytical and numerical modeling research on the structure and behavior of the atmosphere, oceans, cryosphere, biomass, and land surface as interacting components of the dynamics of global climate. The journal also publishes reviews and papers emphasizing an integrated view of the physical and biogeochemical processes governing climate and climate change.
Suha Arafat (Arabic: سهى عرفات; born Suha Daoud Tawil (Arabic: سهى داود الطويل) on 17 July 1963) is the widow of former Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat.
Kelly's Olympian is among the oldest bars in Portland, Oregon, established in 1902.[1][2] The space has been called a dive bar and a performance venue.[3][4]
Coandă may refer to:
The Ognon (French pronunciation: [ɔɲɔ̃] (listen)) is a river of Eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Saône, which it joins in Pontailler-sur-Saône. Its source is in Haut-du-Them-Château-Lambert in the Vosges Mountains near the Ballon d'Alsace. Its length is 214 km (133 mi)[1] and its basin area is 2,308 km2 (891 sq mi).
Transport infrastructure in Brazil is characterized by strong regional differences and lack of development of the national rail network.[1] Brazil's fast-growing economy, and especially the growth in exports, will place increasing demands on the transport networks.[2] However, sizeable new investments that are expected to address some of the issues are either planned or in progress.[2][3] It is common to travel domestically by air because the price is low.[4] Brazil has the second highest number of airports in the world, after the USA.[5]
Da’at Miqra (Hebrew: דעת מקרא, lit. ''knowledge of Scripture'') is a series of volumes of Hebrew-language biblical commentary published by the Jerusalem-based Mossad Harav Kook and constitutes a cornerstone of contemporary Israeli Orthodox bible scholarship. The project was headed by Yehuda Kiel, who received the Israel Prize for his part in the enterprise.
Friedrich Bödeker (11 September 1867 in Währentrup – 9 April 1937 in Cologne) was a German botanist who specialized in cacti studies.

Loha Singh is Bhojpuri film released in 1966 directed by Kundan Kumar. This film was based on a play named Loha Singh written by Rameshwar Singh Kashyap.[1]
Strychowo [strɨˈxɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łubowo, within Gniezno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) north-east of Łubowo, 8 km (5 mi) west of Gniezno, and 43 km (27 mi) north-east of the regional capital Poznań.
Steven W. Duck is a British social psychologist turned communication scholar, working as the Daniel & Amy Starch Distinguished Research Professor and Chair up to 2021, Department of Rhetoric, at the University of Iowa. He has made contributions to the scientific field of social and personal relationships.[1]
Emil Mijares (March 16, 1935 – October 15, 2007) was a Filipino jazz musician.

Basil (Latin: Basilius) was Duke of Naples from 661 to 666. Neapolitan by birth, soldier of the Byzantine Empire by trade, he was nominated by the emperor Constans II to be dux Campaniae in 661.
İsmail Özdağlar (born September 17, 1950) is a Turkish politician and former government minister. He was convicted of misuse of ministerial powers.[1]

Kurana (Village ID 119923) is a large size village in Hapur district of Uttar Pradesh, India. The village is around 65 Kilometers from Delhi, 12 km from Hapur and is situated on NH-335 Meerut-Agra Road. Nearest town is Gulaothi. According to the 2011 census it has a population of 4103 living in 590 households.[1]
Va Por Ellos is a studio album released by the Spanish singer Bertín Osborne in 2008.[1] The disc was recorded at SonicProjects studio in Miami, Florida.[2]
Jerada (Berber: Jrada, ⵊⵔⴰⴷⴰ, Arabic: جْرادة) is a city in the Oriental region of northeastern Morocco. It is located close to the border with Algeria.
Saniki [saˈniki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tykocin, within Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.[1]
On January 1, 2004, the traditional name of the village was restored to Saniki, as the incorrect name Sanniki was a clerical error.
Levi Reed (December 31, 1814 – October 18, 1869) was an American politician who served as Auditor of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
The Fairy and the Waif is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Marie Hubert Frohman and George Irving. This was the first feature-length film of actress Mary Miles Minter, who was twelve years old by the time of the release,[1] although she had previously appeared in the 1912 short The Nurse (1912 film) under the name Juliet Shelby.
Berta Beeson (February 2, 1899 – September 7, 1969) was the stage name of Herbert "Slats" Beeson, a cross-dressing circus performer known as "The Julian Eltinge of the Wire."[1]
Clara A. Swain (18 July 1834 - 25 December 1910) was an American physician and Christian missionary of the Methodist Episcopal Church. She has been called the "pioneer woman physician in India," and as well as the "first fully accredited woman physician ever sent out by any missionary society into any part of the Non-Christian world".[1] Her call to service in India fell from a need to have a female physician provide quality medical care to high-caste women, that were religiously secluded to zenana. Supported by the Woman's Foreign Missionary Society[2] of the Methodist Episcopal Church, Swain left the United States in 1869, for Bareilly, India, where she spent the next twenty-seven years of her life treating women and children from illnesses, while simultaneously working to evangelize natives.[1][3]
The Sith Lords Restored Content Modification (TSLRCM) is a fan volunteer effort to reinstate or recreate unused content for the 2004 video game Star Wars Knights of the Old Republic II: The Sith Lords and fix a vast number of technical issues present in the retail release of the game. A years-spanning project that aims to improve the gameplay experience of The Sith Lords as intended by its developer, TSLRCM is developed by a group of fans who pieced together disparate narrative elements through data extracted from the game's fragmented code. The mod's first public release was in September 2009. As of 2015, the mod is endorsed and supported by Aspyr Media, Inc., an American video game developer and publisher responsible for the continued support of The Sith Lords on modern platforms. TSLRCM has been acknowledged and praised by multiple video game publications as essential for a satisfactory gameplay experience of The Sith Lords, especially after the implementation of Steam workshop support for the game in July 2015.
The 1998 Monterey Sports Car Championships was the final race for the 1998 IMSA GT Championship season and the final race for the IMSA GT Championship before the series would be reorganized into the American Le Mans Series. It took place on October 25, 1998, at Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca. This event was a shared event with the FIA GT Championship (report here).
The Caproni Ca.164 was a training biplane produced in Italy shortly prior to World War II. It was a largely conventional biplane intended as a follow-on to the Ca.100 and sharing that aircraft's layout with a slightly smaller upper wing.
Flarchheim is a village and a former municipality in the Unstrut-Hainich-Kreis district of Thuringia, Germany. Since 1 January 2019, it is part of the municipality Unstrut-Hainich.
CARad.com is an online auction company based in the United States. It was acquired by eBay on January 31, 2003.[1][2]
Mistress Isabelle Brooks (real first name Israel)[1] is an American drag queen who competed on the fifteenth season of RuPaul's Drag Race. Born and raised in Houston, Texas, she started doing drag as a teenager and later performed at Hamburger Mary's, JR's Bar and Grill, and South Beach, prior to competing on the series. In 2023, Mistress Isabelle Brooks was added to Werq the World.

Melinda Harper (born 1965)[1] is an Australian abstract artist. She works with a variety of media including drawing, collage, photography, screen printing, painted objects and embroideries. Her work is characterised by the use of colours, stripes and geometrical designs.
Statistics of the Scottish Football League in season 1987–88.
28°47′52″N 81°38′10″W﻿ / ﻿28.7979°N 81.6361°W﻿ / 28.7979; -81.6361
The Mount Dora Museum of Speed was located in Mount Dora, Florida in Lake County, Florida. Exhibits in the replica art deco museum included American muscle cars, automobile memorabilia and an Americana collection.[1]
Ottehallet Slope (72°12′S 0°13′W﻿ / ﻿72.200°S 0.217°W﻿ / -72.200; -0.217) is an ice slope between Straumsvola Mountain and Brekkerista Ridge in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from surveys and air photos by Norwegian-British-Swedish Antarctic Expedition (NBSAE) (1949–52) and air photos by the Norwegian expedition (1958–59) and named Ottehallet (the early-morning slope).
Pottsville Area School District is a midsized, rural/suburban public school district located in Pottsville, Pennsylvania, serving students in central Schuylkill County. It encompasses approximately 12 square miles (31 km2). The district serves the City of Pottsville and five additional municipalities: the boroughs of Mechanicsville, Mount Carbon, Port Carbon, Palo Alto, and Norwegian Township.[1]
Arnau Alemany (Catalan pronunciation: Əřn'àu Ələm'àŋ; 1948 – 2020) was a Catalan painter.[1] His style is magical realism or surrealism. He studied at Conservatori d’arts sumptuàries and later he graduated in Massana Art School in Barcelona. His influences are: René Magritte, Balthus and Pierre Roy.[2] In 1991 he won the Biennal d’Art of Montecarlo second prize. His first exhibitions were in Catalonia (Galeria Serrallonga, Sala Parés, galleries of Girona, etc.) and later he presented his paintings in València, London, Paris, Lyon, Madrid, Napa Valley-CA, New York, Miami, Los Angeles, Chicago, Japan (Marugame Hirai Museum).[3] His original works are painted in oil on panel painting, though he has also produced an extensive collection of hand-signed and numbered lithographs. He painted social buildings from Paris, Barcelona or New York in desert landscapes and desolate abandonment, ghost towns, industrialised cities, where nature consumes the streets and buildings.[4][5][6][7]
Surkh Kotal (Persian: چشمه شیر Chashma-i Shir; also called Sar-i Chashma, is an ancient archaeological site located in the southern part of the region of Bactria, about 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of the city of Puli Khumri, the capital of Baghlan Province of Afghanistan.[1] It is the location of monumental constructions made during the rule of the Kushans. Huge temples, statues of Kushan rulers and the Surkh Kotal inscription, which revealed part of the chronology of early Kushan emperors (also called Great Gara) were all found there. The Rabatak inscription which gives remarkable clues on the genealogy of the Kushan dynasty was also found in the Robatak village just outside the site.
Odette Joyeux (5 December 1914 – 26 August 2000) was a French actress, playwright and novelist.
Batnoga is a village in municipality of Cetingrad in Croatia, population 95 (2011).[1] In the 1980s company Agrokomerc from Velika Kladuša in Bosnia built the chicken farm in the Batnoga field. During the Croatian War of Independence the farm was devastated. In 1994 it was used as refugee camp for upwards of 20,000 people from the Autonomous Province of Western Bosnia.[2] Today the main source of income for the local people is breeding of cows, goats and sheep and milk and cheese production.
Within computing, author O'Connell defines join selection factor as "[t]he percentage (or fraction) of records in one file that will be joined with records of another file".[1]  This can be calculated when two database tables are to be joined. It is primarily concerned with query optimization.
Marc Miralles Portillo (born 14 November 1997)[1] is a Spanish field hockey player who plays as a midfielder for Dutch Hoofdklasse club Bloemendaal and the Spain national team.[2][3]
Frank Andre van Zanten (born February 1967) is a Dutch businessman, the CEO of Bunzl since April 2016.
Rúben Filipe Oliveira Saldanha (born 26 January 1988) is a Portuguese professional footballer who plays for S.C. Espinho as an attacking midfielder.
John Collins (1835 – April 22, 1903) was an Irish-American businessman who served as the fourth elected mayor of Seattle, Washington. 
Horomos (Armenian: Հոռոմոս), also known as Horomosivank or Ghoshavank, is an abandoned and ruined medieval Armenian monastic complex about 15 kilometers northeast of the ruins of Ani (the capital of Bagratid Armenia)
in present-day eastern Turkey. With its collection of churches, chapels and tombs, Horomos has been described as one of the most significant spiritual and cultural religious centers in medieval Armenia and one of the largest in all the Christian East.[1]
La quintrala is a 1955 Argentine drama film directed by Hugo del Carril. It won the Silver Condor Award for Best Film.
The Great Guildo (subtitled Soulful Piano) is a double album by jazz pianist Gildo Mahones recorded for the Prestige label in 1963 and 1964 and released in 1965.[1] The album included five tracks intended for the pianist's debut album that were shelved temporarily when the Prestige subsidiary label New Jazz ceased releases.
Infrastructure damage during the Russo-Georgian War became noticeable on 12 August when local authorities claimed that about 70 percent of Tskhinvali's buildings (public and private) had been damaged during the Georgian military operation.[1] According to later Russian statements, about 20 percent of Tskhinvali's buildings had been damaged and 10 percent were "beyond repair".[2] In late August, South Ossetian parliament deputy speaker Tarzan Kokoity claimed that according to a preliminary assessment, Georgian damage in South Ossetia was valued at 100 billion rubles.[3]
The Oxford class of technical research ships were a class of three World War II Liberty ships converted in the early 1960s to provide a seaborne platform for global eavesdropping on behalf of the National Security Agency. The ships of this class were similar to the Belmont-class ships of the same era with the difference being that they were adapted from Victory ships.
Zeng ([tsə́ŋ], Chinese: 曾; pinyin: Zēng; Wade–Giles: Tseng; Jyutping: Cang4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chêng / Chn̂g / Cheng / Chan) is a Chinese family name. In Cantonese, it is Tsang; In Wade–Giles, such as those in Taiwan, Tseng or Tzeng; in Malaysia and Singapore, Chen or Cheng; in the Philippines, Chan; in Indonesia, Tjan; in Vietnam, Tăng. The surname Zeng is the 32nd most common surname in Mainland China as of 2019.[1] It is the 16th most common surname in Taiwan. It meant "high" or "add" in ancient Chinese.[2]
Zeng is also a German family name with another origin.
Yunior Marte (born February 2, 1995) is a Dominican professional baseball pitcher for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). In 2012, he signed as an international free agent with the Kansas City Royals. He made his MLB debut for the San Francisco Giants in 2022.
Yubbe (also known as  Yobe, Yube, Yubeh and Yubbe Tug[2]) is a town in the Sanaag of Somaliland .[3] There is a Somaliland military base.

Zach Barack (born November 17, 1995) is an American actor, singer, and comedian.[1] Barack voices the character Barney on Netflix's animated show, Dead End: Paranormal Park.[2] He is known as the first openly transgender actor in a Marvel film, Spider-Man: Far From Home.[3][4]
Žitkovci (pronounced [ˈʒiːtkɔu̯tsi]; Hungarian: Zsitkóc) is a village in the Municipality of Dobrovnik in the Prekmurje region of Slovenia.[2]
Škarda is an uninhabited Croatian island in the Adriatic Sea located between Premuda and Ist (island). Its area is 3.78 km2 (1.46 sq mi).[1]

George Weinberg (1901 – January 29, 1939) was a New York mobster and, with brother Abraham Weinberg, an associate of Dutch Schultz as a mob accountant during the 1920s and 1930s. In 1935, following the disappearance of his brother and the gangland murder of Schultz, he decided to become a government informant and testified against his former associates.[1]
Cheng Xueqi (Chinese: 程學啟; courtesy name Fangzhong 方忠; born in Tongcheng, Anhui, (1828–1864) was a general of the Taiping Rebellion who surrendered to the Qing dynasty in 1861 with Ding Ruchang. He was an eminent Han Chinese official and a Captain General in the army of the late Qing dynasty. He led the Huai Army to fight effectively against the Taiping rebels and helped to restore the stability of Qing, along with other prominent figures, including Li Hongzhang and Zeng Guofan, setting the scene for the successful defense of Shanghai and the Suzhou Massacre POW Incident. The Tongzhi Emperor praised Cheng as "intelligent and brave".
Kisizi or Kisiizi is a community centred on Kisiizi Hospital in the Rukungiri District of south-west Uganda.
Zalan (Russian: Залан) is a rural locality (an ulus) in Selenginsky District, Republic of Buryatia, Russia. The population was 74 as of 2010.[2] There are 2 streets.
Reportedly haunted locations:
Muweilah (Arabic: مويلح) is an archaeological site in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates. it is located in what is now the suburb of Al Jurainah near Sharjah University City.
The Asian Universities Debating Championship (AUDC) was an annual debating tournament for teams from universities in Asia. It has now been replaced by the United Asian Debating Championships.[1][2][3]
Wǔ is a Chinese surname. It is pronounced Mo in Cantonese. In Vietnamese is written Vũ or Võ. As a Chinese word, it carries the meanings "martial", "military", "martial arts". 
The Vatin culture (Serbian: Ватинска култура, Vatinska kultura or Ватинска група, Vatinska grupa) is a name of an prehistoric Bronze Age culture, which was named after Vatin, a village in Serbia. The culture had Indo-European roots and was culturally connected with Mycenaean Greece.[1] The Vatin culture is dated to the middle Bronze Age and is generally divided into three phases: Pančevo-Omoljica, Vatin-Vršac, and Belegiš-Ilandža.[2] It flourished from the 16th to the 13th century BC.[3]
The Neanderthal Parallax is a trilogy of novels written by Robert J. Sawyer and published by Tor. It depicts the effects of the opening of a connection between two versions of Earth in different parallel universes: the world familiar to the reader, and another where Neanderthals became the dominant intelligent hominid. The societal, spiritual and technological differences between the two worlds form the focus of the story.
Årnes is a village in Nes municipality in Viken County (Akershus County until January 1st 2020[1]), Norway. The village is located along the eastern riverbank of the Glomma River, roughly 3 kilometers downriver from its confluence with the Vorma River.
Ladislaus from the kindred Baksa (Hungarian: Baksa nembeli László; died 1329 or 1330) was a Hungarian lord and soldier at the turn of the 13th and 14th centuries, who possessed landholdings in Zemplén County. Therefore, he had an important, although dubious role in the unification war of Charles I of Hungary against the oligarchic domains in Northeast Hungary. It is possible, he also served as (titular) ispán of Zemplén County from 1308 to 1321. Posthumously he was also known as Ladislaus Sztritei (Hungarian: Sztritei László) due to the family name of his descendants.
The Golden Hurricane  are the athletic teams that represent the University of Tulsa. These teams are referred to as the Tulsa Golden Hurricane (or variously as TU or Tulsa). Before adopting the name Golden Hurricane in 1922, the University of Tulsa (TU) had many unofficial team nicknames including Kendallites (from TU's predecessor institution Henry Kendall College), Presbyterians (from the university's founding by the Presbyterian Church), Tulsans, Tigers, Orange and Black, and Yellow Jackets. The name "Golden Tornadoes" was chosen by TU football coach H.M. Archer (1922–24) based on new gold and black uniforms (rather than the previous orange and black) and a remark made during practice of the team "roaring through opponents" (during a season when TU went undefeated, including wins over Texas A&M and the University of Arkansas).  However, it was quickly discovered that the same name had been chosen in 1917 by Georgia Tech. Archer then substituted the term "hurricane" for "tornado" and a team vote prior to leaving for the game against Texas A&M confirmed the official nickname as "Golden Hurricane".[4]
Vinogradov Vasily Ivanovich (Russian pronunciation: [vʲɪnɐˈɡradəf vɐˈsʲilʲɪj ɪˈvanəvʲɪtɕ]; aka Vasili Vinogradov, Russian: Виногра́дов Васи́лий Ива́нович; 1874–1948) was an ethnically Russian Tatar opera composer, violinist and pedagogue. TASSR Honoured Worker of Culture (1944).
Metallosis is the medical condition involving deposition and build-up of metal debris in the soft tissues of the body.[1]
The India A cricket team toured West Indies from July till August 2019 to play three First-class matches and 5 List-A matches.[5][6]
The Indigenous Authorities of Colombia (Spanish: Autoridades Indígenas de Colombia, AICO) is a progressive indigenist political party in Colombia.

Keir Waddington (born 1970) is professor of history at Cardiff University. He is a specialist in medical and environmental history. He is the joint editor of the Social Histories of Medicine monograph series.[1]
The International School of Sanya (TIS; Chinese: 三亚国际学校 or 三亚国际外籍人员子女学校) is an international school in the Serenity Coast (半山半岛) area of Sanya, Hainan.[1] It serves levels nursery through grade 12. There are currently three streams: a Nursery-Grade 12 international stream (TIS); an English/Chinese (50/50) program with American curriculum (SLS); and the Nursery-Grade 12 Chinese stream ("local"), a program using Chinese curriculum. Its campus has 33,000 square metres (360,000 sq ft) of space.[2] Its governing organization is called Haiya Education Group, which own the TIS campus (and attached kindergarten "SLS-K"), and another kindergarten campus, "Golden Sun Kindergarten".
Titovskoye (Russian: Титовское) is a rural locality (a village) in Vorobyovskoye Rural Settlement, Sokolsky District, Vologda Oblast, Russia. The population was 17 as of 2002.[2]
Głuchów [ˈɡwuxuf] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Tuszyn, within Łódź East County, Łódź Voivodeship, in central Poland. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Tuszyn and 26 km (16 mi) south of the regional capital Łódź.
The National Red Cross Pageant (1917) was an American war pageant that was performed in order to sell war bonds, support the National Red Cross, and promote a positive opinion about American involvement in World War I.  It was also an all-star revue silent film, now considered a lost film,[1][2][3] directed by Christy Cabanne.
Nicolò Tron (born c. 1399 – died 1473 in Venice) was the 68th Doge of Venice, reigning from 1471 to 1473.
Cantello is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Varese in the Italian region Lombardy, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) northwest of Milan and about 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of Varese, on the border with Switzerland. On 31 December 2004, it had a population of 4,409 and an area of 9.1 square kilometres (3.5 sq mi).[3]
Louis Frédéric Wickham (28 February 1861, Paris – 14 October 1913, Mesnil-le-Roi) was a French physician and pathologist remembered for describing Wickham striae.[1] He trained in medicine in Paris, receiving his M.D. in 1890. He studied dermatology at the Hôpital Saint-Louis in Paris before becoming physician at the Hôpital Saint-Lazare in 1897. After 1905 he worked on research into radium.[2]
Once a Week is a collection of  short stories and vignettes by A. A. Milne originally published in Punch. The collection was first published on 15 October 1914.
Meda is an unincorporated community on the Little Nestucca River in Tillamook County, Oregon, United States.[1][2] It was named in memory of an English woman. Its post office was established on May 11, 1887, with Wallace Yates first of six more postmasters to come. The post office was closed from 1892 to 1915 before resuming service for five more years.[2]
Ursel Air Base (ICAO: EBUL) is a joint public/military airport located 10.2 km southwest of Eeklo near Ursel, East Flanders, Belgium.
Bichaur  is a village development committee in Lamjung District in the Gandaki Zone of northern-central Nepal. At the time of the 1991 Nepal census it had a population of 2462 people living in 488 individual households.[1]
Tevragh-Zeina is a suburb of Nouakchott and urban commune in western Mauritania. It is the capital of Nouakchott-Ouest Region[1] and has a population of 48,093.[2]
The Arte dei Maestri di Pietra e Legname was one of the Guilds of Florence that represented the Master stonemasons, woodcarvers, and sculptors.  It was founded before 1236,[1] and it came to absorb multiple building crafts in the Florence area.[2] It was one of the five Arti Mediani ("middle trades")
The Vietnamese term bụi đời ("life of dust" or "dusty life") refers to vagrants in the city or, trẻ bụi đời to street children or juvenile gangs. From 1989, following a song in the musical Miss Saigon, "Bui-Doi"[1][2] came to popularity in Western lingo, referring to Amerasian children left behind in Vietnam after the Vietnam War.
Blues from the Gutter is the first album by blues musician Champion Jack Dupree. In addition to a four-star rating, The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings awarded the album a “crown”, indicating that the authors considered it an exceptional and essential recording.[3]
Hans-Peter Hasenfratz (22 February 1938 – 15 December 2016) was a Swiss religious scholar who was Professor of Religious Studies at the Ruhr University Bochum. He was a leading authority on the phenomenology of religion and Germanic paganism.
Kiyohiro Miura (三浦清宏, Miura Kiyohiro, born 1930 in Muroran, Hokkaido) is a Japanese writer. After attending the University of Tokyo he went to the United States for further education. He received his B.A. from San Jose State University in 1955 and his MFA from University of Iowa in 1958. His novel Chōnan no shukke (長男の出家) or My Young Son Becomes a Zen Monk won the Akutagawa Prize in 1988.[1][2]
The South Carolina Heritage Act is a South Carolina statute that forbids the removal or alteration of historic monuments located on public property in South Carolina as well as the rededication of any public areas or structures named after a historic person or event. The historic monuments protected include war monuments (such as monuments to the American Civil War and both World Wars) as well as monuments representing Native American and African American history.
Teodor T. Burada (3 October 1839 – 17 February 1923) was a Romanian folklorist, ethnographer and musicologist and member of the Romanian Academy (elected in 1878, the first musician to achieve this position).[1]
The Dubai City of Gold is a Thoroughbred horse race run annually since 1998 at Nad Al Sheba Racecourse in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Given the nickname for the city of Dubai, the Group 2 race is open to Northern and Southern Hemisphere bred horses age four years and up. It is raced on tuf at a distance of 2400 meters (app. 1+1⁄2 miles).
"Learning to Live (Without Your Love)" is a song by English singer Rick Astley and English singer O'Chi Brown. The song was originally released in 1986 as an album track on Brown's album O'Chi. Astley was uncredited on the album and received no royalties.
Kazimieras Būga (Lithuanian pronunciation: [kɐˈzʲɪˈmʲiərɐs buːˈɡɐ]; November 6, 1879 – December 2, 1924) was a Lithuanian linguist and philologist. He was a professor of linguistics, who mainly worked on the Lithuanian language.
Isgandar Khan Khoyski (Azerbaijani: İsgəndər xan Xoyski; September 1819, Nukha (Shaki), Nukha uezd, Elisavetpol Governorate,Russian Empire – 28 July [O.S. 16 July] 1894, Yelizavetpol, Imperial Russia) was a decorated Imperial Russian and Azerbaijani military commander, having the rank of lieutenant-general.[1]
Martin Paul Below[1] (January 26, 1899 – June 30, 1984) was an American football player.  He played at the tackle for the Wisconsin Badgers football team and was selected as a consensus All-American in 1923.  He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1988.
Mueang (Thai: เมือง mɯ̄ang, pronounced [mɯaŋ˧] listen (help·info)), Muang (Lao: ເມືອງ mɯ́ang, pronounced [mɯaŋ˦]; Tai Nuea: ᥛᥫᥒᥰ muang), Mong (Shan: မိူင်း mə́ŋ, pronounced [məŋ˦]), Meng (Chinese: 猛 or 勐) or Mường (Vietnamese), were pre-modern semi-independent city-states or principalities in mainland Southeast Asia, adjacent regions of Northeast India and Southern China, including what is now Thailand, Laos, Burma, Cambodia, parts of northern Vietnam, southern Yunnan, western Guangxi and Assam.
Kim Tae-Hoon (Hangul: 김태훈, born October 9, 1988 in Daegu) is a South Korean short track speed skater.
Barbara "Bobo" Sears Rockefeller (September 6, 1916 – May 19, 2008), also known by her stage name Eva Paul, was an American actress.[1][2]
The Inconnue River (in French: rivière Inconnue) flows in the municipalities of Cap-Saint-Ignace and Notre-Dame-du-Rosaire, in the Montmagny Regional County Municipality, in the administrative region of Chaudière-Appalaches, in Quebec, in Canada.

Herbert Morsley Wharton AM (born 1936) is an Indigenous Australian former stockman turned writer.  Wharton began publishing poetry and yarn-like novels in his fifties, for which he is  now an recognised internationally. 
The Transvectio equitum (English: "review of the cavalry") was a parade of the young men (iuventus) of the Roman equestrian class (equites) that took place annually on 15 July. Dionysius of Halicarnassus[1] states that the procession began at the Temple of Mars in Clivo situated along the Via Appia some two kilometers outside the Porta Capena.[2] The procession stopped at the Temple of Castor and Pollux in the Forum Romanum before continuing on to the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus on the Capitoline Hill.[3] The religious rite traced its origins to the battle of Lake Regillus when the Dioscuri gave aid to the Romans during the battle itself.[4]

Consumer confusion is a state of mind that leads to consumers making imperfect purchasing decisions or lacking confidence in the correctness of their purchasing decisions.[1]
Ivan Slanař (born 11 January 1961) is a retired Czechoslovak triple jumper.
Blanche Martin (born January 16, 1937) is a former American football player who played one season with the Los Angeles Chargers and New York Titans. He played college football at Michigan State University.
After retiring from football, Martin practiced as a dentist for more than 40 years. He served on the Michigan State board of trustees from 1969-1985.[2]
%5B%5BWikipedia%3ARedirects+for+discussion%5D%5D+debate+closed+as+delete
Hassan Sheikh Mohamud's tenure as the  8th President of Somalia began with his inauguration on 16 September, 2012 and ended on 16 February, 2017. 
Saint Albert of Chiatina (1135–1202) is venerated as a saint by the Catholic Church.  He was archpriest of Colle di Val d'Elsa, and Colle di Val d'Elsa Cathedral is dedicated to him.
Joseph Simon Dubin (June 2, 1900 – January 16, 1961) was an American composer and orchestrator, scoring and orchestrating more than 200 motion pictures during his career.[1] His brother, Al Dubin (1891, Zürich – February 11, 1945, New York City) was an American songwriter, lyricist, soldier and actor. Joseph Dubin is best known for composing the soundtrack for the 1930 MGM film The Big House, as well as the Walt Disney films Cinderella, Alice in Wonderland (which was the last animated Disney film that he orchestrated the music for), 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad. Dubin also orchestrated and scored many television series, including Zorro and The Mickey Mouse Club.
The first season of Chicago P.D. aired on NBC from January 8, 2014, at 10:00 p.m. EST, to May 21, 2014.
Samuel Parra Cruz (born December 2, 1975), known professionally as Samo, is a Mexican pop singer and songwriter,[1] born and raised in Veracruz. Samo rose to fame in the late 2000s as a member of the band Camila.
 Traces of Sandalwood  (Catalan: Rastres de sàndal) is a 2014 Spanish drama film produced by Pontas Films, directed by María Ripoll and shot in Barcelona and Mumbai with Nandita Das as Mina and Aina Clotet as Sita/Paula. The film is from Pontas Films and is the adaptation of international bestseller Traces of Sandalwood, the tale of a Bollywood star's search for her long lost sister.
The Battles of the Sinai refer to a series of military engagements between the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) and the Egyptian Army fought in the Sinai Peninsula in December 1948 – January 1949, as part of the Israeli Operation Horev. The IDF's Southern Command, under Yigal Allon, concentrated forces to push into the Sinai following their success in the Battle of Bir 'Asluj and the Battle of 'Auja.
The Chaba River is a short river in western Alberta, Canada. It flows from the Canadian Rockies, and joins the Athabasca River.[1]
The Anglican Diocese of Ile-Oluji[1] is one of twelve within the Anglican Province of Ondo,[2] itself one of 14 provinces within the Church of Nigeria: the current bishop is Abel Oluyemi Ajibodu;[3] a former Dean of the Diocese of Lagos West, Ajibodu was consecrated bishop on 24 July 2016 at Archbishop Vinning Memorial Church Cathedral, Ikeja.[4]
The Asian American Foundation (TAAF) is an American foundation founded in 2021 by a group of prominent Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders, aiming to support an array of Asian American and Pacific Islander causes and create a national infrastructure for a community that has faced an increasing number of racial attacks.[2] Launched with $250 million,[3] TAAF is described by organizers as the largest-ever philanthropic effort to support the AAPI community in history.[4] The founders include Joe Tsai, Joseph Bae, Li Lu, Peng Zhao, Sheila Lirio Marcelo, Jerry Yang, and Jonathan Greenblatt. Its Founding Advisory Council members include Daniel Dae Kim, Lisa Ling, Condoleezza Rice, Jeremy Lin and more.[5] The organization is presently chaired by Li Lu, hedge fund manager who founded Himalaya Capital Management.[6]
Katherine Ann McGlynn is an American cancer epidemiologist who researches testicular dysgenesis syndrome and hepatocellular carcinoma. She is a senior investigator in the metabolic epidemiology branch of the National Cancer Institute. She was previously a faculty member at the Fox Chase Cancer Center.
Maho Toyota (とよた 真帆, Toyota Maho) (born July 6, 1967) is a Japanese actress and model.
Mont-Dore[3] (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃ dɔʁ]; Mont Dòr in Auvergnat,  and Mont-Dore-les-Bains), in common usage Le Mont-Dore, is a commune in the Puy-de-Dôme department in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in central France.[3]
They've Kidnapped a Man (Italian: Hanno rapito un uomo) is a 1938 Italian white-telephone comedy film directed by Gennaro Righelli and starring Vittorio De Sica, Caterina Boratto and Maria Denis.[1] It was shot at the Cinecittà Studios in Rome. The film's sets were designed by the art director Alfredo Montori.
Mohammad Ali (Persian: محمدعلي, also romanized as Moḩammad ‘Alī)[1] is a village in Tashan-e Sharqi Rural District, Tashan District, Behbahan County, Khuzestan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 208, with 32 families.[2]
Ryan Grice-Mullen (born September 12, 1986) is a former gridiron football wide receiver. He was signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2008. He played college football at Hawaii.
Georges Voisset (born March 15, 1948 in Lyon, France) is an Agrégé in French Literature, former Fellow of the Ecole Normale Supérieure of Paris and Professor of Comparative Literature at the University of the French West Indies and Guyane. Literary critic and translator, he is the author of more than a dozen books and numerous articles and essays. He has travelled widely and lived in several Asian and African countries as a university lecturer and director of French cultural institutes under the French Foreign Service (Singapore, Japan, Indonesia, Mauritania, Côte d’Ivoire).
In mathematics, the Arthur–Selberg trace formula is a generalization of the Selberg trace formula from the group SL2 to arbitrary reductive groups over global fields, developed by James Arthur in a long series of papers from 1974 to 2003. It describes the character of the representation of G(A) on the discrete part L20(G(F)\G(A)) of L2(G(F)\G(A)) in terms of geometric data, where G is a reductive algebraic group defined over a global field F and A is the ring of adeles of F.

Jim White (born 1957) is a British journalist and presenter. He attended Manchester Grammar School and read English at Bristol University.[1]
Choi In-Jeong (Hangul: 최인정; Korean pronunciation: [tɕʰwe̞.in.dʑʌn]; born 21 May 1990) is a South Korean right-handed épée fencer, three-time team Asian champion, two-time individual Asian champion, three-time Olympian, and two-time team Olympic silver medalist.[1]
Denaturation Mapping is a form of optical mapping, first described in 1966. It is used to characterize DNA molecules without the need for amplification or sequencing. It is based on the differences between the melting temperatures of AT-rich and GC-rich regions.[1] Even though modern sequencing methods reduced the need for denaturation mapping, it is still being used for specific purposes, such as detection of large scale structural variants.[2]
The Global Peace Agency (GPA) is a fictional law enforcement organization in the DC Comics Universe. The organization first appeared in the series OMAC by Jack Kirby.[1] GPA agents are nameless and faceless, using a "cosmetic spray to hide [their] features" because they supposedly "represent all nations".[2]
Nijland is a relatively small impact crater on the far side of the Moon. This is a relatively isolated crater that is surrounded by an impacted surface with smaller craters. The nearest significant crater is Kurchatov to the northeast. More than 100 km to the north of Nijland is a crater chain that runs from the south of Kurchatov towards the west-northwest. This chain is designated Catena Kurchatov.
Horizon de Beaulieu Chartres was a French association football club, most recently known as Chartres Horizon. They were based in the town of Chartres and their home stadium was the Stade de Beaulieu. In May 2018, the club merged with FC Chartres to form C'Chartres Football.[1]
In coordinate geometry, Section formula is used to find the ratio in which a line segment is divided by a point internally or externally.[1] It is used to find out the centroid, incenter and excenters of a triangle. In physics, it is used to find the center of mass of systems, equilibrium points, etc.[2][3][4][5]
AirMosaic was an early commercial web browser based on the NCSA Mosaic browser.[2]
Andreas "André" Aleman (born 20 June 1975)[1] is a Dutch neuroscientist and professor of cognitive neuropsychiatry at the University Medical Center Groningen and the University of Groningen.
Slagelse Dream Team was a handball team from the town of Slagelse, Denmark. It is sometimes referred to as "Slagelse DT", and is the professional first team for the handball club Slagelse Forenede Håndboldklubber (Slagelse FH). The club was catapulted into the limelight in 2000 when Anja Andersen took the head coach job and in a very short time led the women's team to the first Danish victory in the Women's EHF Champions League final in 2004.
Bəydili (also, Beydili and Begdeli) is a village and municipality in the Bilasuvar Rayon of Azerbaijan.  It has a population of 5276. Bəydili is unique because it has close to 900 local restaurants.
Indiera Alta is a barrio in the municipality of Maricao, Puerto Rico. Its 2010 population was 1,369.[3][4][5]
Kanetake (written: 兼武) is a masculine Japanese given name. Notable people with the name include:
Erol Büyükburç (8 August 1936 – 12 March 2015) was a Turkish singer-songwriter, pop music composer, and actor.
Processor affinity, or CPU pinning or "cache affinity", enables the binding and unbinding of a process or a thread to a central processing unit (CPU) or a range of CPUs, so that the process or thread will execute only on the designated CPU or CPUs rather than any CPU. This can be viewed as a modification of the native central queue scheduling algorithm in a symmetric multiprocessing operating system. Each item in the queue has a tag indicating its kin processor. At the time of resource allocation, each task is allocated to its kin processor in preference to others.
The Parima Mountains (Spanish: Sierra Parima, Portuguese: Serra Parima) are a mountain range of the Guiana Shield in South America. 
Isoeugenol is a phenylpropene, a propenyl-substituted guaiacol. A phenylpropanoid, it occurs in the essential oils of plants such as ylang-ylang (Cananga odorata), and is a component of wood smoke and liquid smoke. It can be synthesized from eugenol and has been used in the manufacture of vanillin. It may occur as either the cis (Z) or trans (E) isomer. Trans (E) isoeugenol is crystalline while cis (Z) isoeugenol is a liquid.[5]  Isoeugenol is one of several phenolic compounds responsible for the mold-inhibiting effect of smoke on meats and cheeses.[6]
The Battle of Daugavpils, or Battle of Dyneburg, was the final battle during the Polish-Soviet War of 1919. A joint Polish and Latvian force, operating under Polish Staff orders known as "Operation Winter", attacked the Red Army garrison in Dunaburg, or Daugavpils, from 3 to 5 January 1920.[1]: 76–77 

The list of shipwrecks in December 1858 includes ships sunk, foundered, wrecked, grounded, or otherwise lost during December 1858.
Yasser Al-Rawashdeh (Arabic: ياسر الرواشدة; born April 21, 1990) is a Jordanian professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Jordanian club Ma'an and the Jordan national team.
Hanna van Vollenhoven Vories (1889 – 1972) was a Dutch composer and pianist who later moved to America. She is best remembered today for composing and performing music for player piano rolls. Her music was published under the name "Hanna Vollenhoven."
Zaglavica (Serbian Cyrillic: Заглавица) is a village in the Municipality of Drvar, Canton 10 of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina, an entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Sheykhian-e Shahab (Persian: شيخيان شهاب, also Romanized as Sheykhīān-e Shahāb)[1] is a village in Kabgan Rural District, Kaki District, Dashti County, Bushehr Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 82, in 17 families.[2]
Supreme Court of the RepublicPresident Elvia Barrios
Delacău (Ukrainian: Далакеу, Dalakeu, Russian: Делакеу, Delakeu) is a commune in the Grigoriopol sub-district of Transnistria, Moldova. It is composed of two villages, Crasnaia Gorca (Красна Горка, Красная Горка) and Delacău.[1] It is currently under the administration of the breakaway government of the Transnistrian Moldovan Republic.
Lieutenant Colonel Paavo Susitaival (9 February 1896 – 27 December 1993), born Paavo Sivén, was a Finnish author, soldier and politician. Paavo Sivén and his brother, Bobi Sivén were prominent figures in the Finnish interwar Nationalist movement. Paavo had acquired his reputation smuggling volunteers to Germany to enlist in the 27. Imperial Jaeger Battalion; Bobi gained his by being the last alderman of Porajärvi municipality before the ratification of the Treaty of Tartu who shot himself rather than acknowledge the transfer of Porajärvi and Repola to the Soviet Union.[3][4]
Leśnica [lɛɕˈɲit͡sa] (German: Leschnitz, 1936-1945: Bergstadt) is a town in Poland, located in Strzelce County, Opole Voivodship.
The Turvo River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Itapetininga River.
Langli Subdistrict (Chinese: 㮾梨街道; pinyin: Lǎnglí jiēdào, or Chinese: 榔梨街道; pinyin: Lánglí jiēdào) is a subdistrict in Changsha County, Changsha, Hunan province, China. It contains five villages and three communities, with the government in Langli Community. It was a town until 2012.[1]
Kim Tae-yun (born 28 September 1994) is a South Korean speed skater.
Okay for Now is a children's novel by Gary D. Schmidt, published in 2011. It is a companion to Schmidt's 2007 novel The Wednesday Wars and features one of its supporting characters, Doug Swieteck.
Al-Salman Sport Club (Arabic: نادي السلمان الرياضي) is an Iraqi football team based in Al-Muthanna, that plays in Iraq Division Two.[1][2]
Schoepfle Garden is a 70-acre (280,000 m2) botanical garden and natural woodland bordered by the Vermilion River (Ohio). The garden features collections of rhododendrons, roses, lilies, hostas, various shade plants, along with many varieties of shrubs, topiary and trees.  There is a visitor center, and guided tours are available throughout the year. The garden is part of the Lorain County Metro Parks, and is located on Market Street in Birmingham, Erie County, Ohio.
The African People's Socialist Party (APSP) is a pan-Africanist political party and organization working towards reparations for slavery in the United States, identifying ideologically with African internationalism and African socialism.[2] The party was formed in May 1972 by the merger of three black power organizations based in Florida and Kentucky. Omali Yeshitela, one of the original co-founders, leads the APSP as of 2019.[3][2][4]
Robert Charles "Bob" Berring Jr. (born November 20, 1949)[1] is a noted figure in law, as a professor, librarian, scholar and researcher.

Narciso Eloy Bartolome Ortiz Campos (born 24 March 1961) is a Peruvian former professional footballer who played as a forward for clubs of Peru and Chile.
Patrick Michel (born 25 February 1970 in Saint-Tropez, France) is a French planetary scientist, Senior Researcher at CNRS (Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique), leader of the team TOP (Theories and Observations in Planetology) of the Lagrange Laboratory at the Côte d'Azur Observatory in Nice (France).[1][2][3]Føroya Studentaskúli og HF-Skeið is a high school in the valley of Hoydalar, outside Tórshavn, the capital of the Faroe Islands. It has over 900 students enrolled. The institution is the Faroe Islands' eldest and biggest high school.
Per Aasness (26 July 1875 – 1959) was a Norwegian military officer and politician for the Liberal Party.
Leelavathi murder was a high profile murder on 23 April 1997, involving the murder of Leelavathi, a councilor in Madurai, in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. She was an active member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) and was murdered by the opposing member of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam, a leading party which ruled the state for many years. Her murder is also quoted as the first assault on a woman leader after the introduction of 33% reservation of women in local bodies in Tamil Nadu.
Doo Aphane is a Swazi lawyer and women's rights campaigner.  She has worked with many human and women's rights organisations and in 2012 she was successful in changing Swaziland's law to allow married women to hold property in their own name.
The original Cleveland Force was one of six charter franchises in the original Major Indoor Soccer League (MISL). The team played from 1978 to 1988 at the Richfield Coliseum, the home of the Cleveland Cavaliers, and regularly drew crowds in excess of 12,000 in the mid-1980s.
Aninsk (Russian: Анинск; Buryat: Анаа, Anaa) is a rural locality (an ulus) in Khorinsky District, Republic of Buryatia, Russia. The population was 270 as of 2010.[2] There are 10 streets.
Rudelyovo (Russian: Руделёво) is a rural locality (a village) in Gorod Vyazniki, Vyaznikovsky District, Vladimir Oblast, Russia. The population was 18 as of 2010.[2]
Alayunt (Kurdish: Arbayê) is a village in the Dargeçit District of Mardin Province in Turkey.[2] The village is populated by Kurds of the Erebiyan tribe and had a population of 247 in 2021.[1][3]
The Chevrolet Corvette is a line of two-door, two-seater luxury[1] sports cars, manufactured and marketed by GM, under the Chevrolet marque, since 1953.[2][3]
The Nankai Main Line (南海本線, Nankai Honsen) is one of the two main railway lines of Japanese private railway company Nankai Electric Railway, together with Kōya Line. The route is from Namba Station in south downtown of Osaka to Wakayamashi Station in Wakayama via Sakai, Izumiōtsu, Kishiwada, Kaizuka, Izumisano, Sennan, Hannan and Misaki municipalities. The proper name is with the company's name, "the Nankai Main Line", not simply "the Main Line" often seen in other Japanese private railways. Lines of the Nankai Main Lane and the connecting lines excluded the Kōya Line and the Airport Line are named generically "the Nankai Line (南海線, Nankai Sen)". The line is shown with a pictogram of waves, or distinguished with blue from conifer or green Kōya Line.
Robert Galloway and Roberto Maytín were the defending champions[1] but chose not to defend their title.
Mufleh R. Osmany (Bengali: মুফলেহ আর ওসমানী) is a former Foreign Secretary of Bangladesh and Diplomat.[1] He is the President of Anjuman Mufidul Islam.[2] He is a former Ambassador and Permanent Representative of Bangladesh to the United Nations and other Offices in Geneva.[3] He is a former High Commissioner of Bangladesh to Canada.[3] His cousin, Muhammad Ataul Ghani Osmani, was the first Chief of Staff of Bangladesh Army.[4]
Glow is the title of Donavon Frankenreiter's fourth album, released on October 5, 2010.
Cardiorespiratory fitness (CRF) refers to the ability of the circulatory and respiratory systems to supply oxygen to skeletal muscles during sustained physical activity. Scientists and researchers use CRF to assess the functional capacity of the respiratory and cardiovascular systems. These functions include ventilation, perfusion, gas exchange, vasodilation, and delivery of oxygen to the body's tissues. As these body's functions are vital to an individual's health, CRF allows observers to quantify an individual's morbidity and mortality risk as a function of cardiorespiratory health.
José Gonçalo Ataíde Amaral Pedroso de Lima, better known as José Lima (born Coimbra, 24 April 1992), is a Portuguese rugby union player. He plays as a centre or as a wing.
The 1925–26 Bates men's ice hockey season was the 7th season of play for the program.
Bowling for Dollars is a television game show on which people could play the sport of bowling to win cash and sometimes prizes based on how well they bowled.[citation needed]
Černíč (Czech pronunciation: [ˈtʃɛrɲiːtʃ]) is a municipality and village in Jihlava District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 100 inhabitants.
Puiu Hașotti (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈpuju ˈhaʃoti]; born 14 June 1953) is a social conservative[1] Romanian politician of Aromanian descent. He is a vice-president of the National Liberal Party (PNL) and the leader of the party's group in the Senate.

The UCLA Bruins softball program is a college softball team that represents the University of California, Los Angeles in the Pac-12 Conference in the National Collegiate Athletic Association.[1] The team has had 3 head coaches since it started playing organized softball in the 1975 season.[2] The current coach is Kelly Inouye-Perez, who took over the head coaching position in 2007.
Stella Hjaltadóttir (born 23 June 1967) is an Icelandic cross-country skier and former football player.[1]
Far' Falastine (Arabic: فرع فلسطين, lit. 'Palestine Branch'), also known as Branch 235, is a prison operated by Syrian Intelligence under the charge of Brig. Gen. Muhammad Khallouf located in Damascus, notorious for accounts of torture, coercive interrogation, and deplorable conditions related by its former detainees.[1][2]
Eidum or Eydum (Danish: Ejdum, North Frisian: Eidem) was a historic place on the German (former: Danish) island of Sylt in the North Sea. It was several hundred metres west of the present coast line of the present-day village of Westerland.
The 1999–2000 Sporting de Gijón season was the second consecutive season of the club in Segunda División after its last relegation from La Liga.
Martin P. "Marty" Plissner (May 20, 1926 – February 6, 2014) was an American political commentator. He worked for CBS News from 1964 until his retirement in 1996.[1]
Mehdiabad (Persian: مهدي اباد, also Romanized as Mehdīābād)[1] is a village in Aq Bolagh Rural District, Sojas Rud District, Khodabandeh County, Zanjan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 414, in 79 families.[2]
The meridian 79° east of Greenwich is a line of longitude that extends from the North Pole across the Arctic Ocean, Asia, the Indian Ocean, the Southern Ocean, and Antarctica to the South Pole.
The 79th meridian east forms a great circle with the 101st meridian west. 
Joseph Henry Ploski (April 16, 1904 – May 17, 1993) was a Polish-American film and television actor. He was known for his appearance in the 1953 film Stalag 17, which starred William Holden, Don Taylor and Otto Preminger.[1]
The 1981–82 Hellenic Football League season was the 29th in the history of the Hellenic Football League, a football competition in England.
Ana Esther Lara (born (1985-06-08)8 June 1985) is a retired Dominican Republic female volleyball player. She was part of the Dominican Republic women's national volleyball team. She participated in the 2006 FIVB Volleyball World Grand Prix.
Staveless runes were the climax of the simplification process in the evolution of runic alphabets that had started when the Elder Futhark was superseded by the Younger Futhark.[1] In order to create the staveless runes, vertical marks (or staves) were dropped from individual letters (or runes). The name "staveless" is not entirely accurate, since the i rune consists of a whole stave and the f, þ, k and the s runes consist of shortened main staves.[1]
The Florianópolis Challenger is a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It is currently part of the ATP Challenger Tour. It is held in Florianópolis, Brazil.[1]
The Scapular of Saint Joseph is a Roman Catholic devotional scapular. The scapular is to remind one of the virtues of St Joseph which are humility, modesty and purity. It was approved for the Diocese of Verona by the Congregation of Rites in 1880.
The Gospel Faith Mission International (GOFAMINT) is a major Christian denomination from Nigeria founded by Reuben Akinwalere George in Iwaya Yaba in 1956.[1]
Felipa Tzeek Naal is a Mexican artisan specializing in traditional Maya palm frond weaving. Her work is well-known regionally and has been recognized by the Fomento Cultural Banamex, who named her a "grand master".[1]
"Just Another Night" is a song written and performed by Mick Jagger, released as the first single from his debut album, She's the Boss, in 1985.
Naujamiestis is an eldership in the Vilnius city municipality, Lithuania. It occupies 4.9 km². According to the 2021 census, it had a population of 28,157, giving it a population density of 5,745 people per square kilometer.[1][2]
Feng Jifeng is a Chinese oncologist at Jiangsu Cancer Hospital and Nanjing Medical University, both located in Nanjing, China.[1] He specializes in the diagnosis and treatment of malignant tumors such as lung cancer, breast cancer, and lymphoma. He has a special interest in aspects of biotherapy and the correlation between dosage of chemotherapeutics and their curative effect and toxicity.
He currently holds the following positions:
Edward Conner (1829–1900)[1] was a member of the Wisconsin State Assembly.[2]
The 1968 Sam Houston State Bearkats football team represented Sam Houston State College (now known as Sam Houston State University) as a member of the Lone Star Conference (LSC) during the 1968 NAIA football season. Led by first-year head coach Tom Page, the Bearkats compiled an overall record of 5–4–1 with a mark of 3–3–1 in conference play, and finished fourth in the LSC. After he served as an assistant coach for the Bearkats for a decade, Page was promoted to head coach in December 1967 after Paul Pierce resigned to take a full-time faculty position.[1]

In the United Kingdom, a series of seven letter bombs were sent during January and February 2007 to various companies and agencies, all related in some way to DNA testing and road transport. Police said that some of the letters were hand written and some typed. All seven letter bombs were sent in A5 Jiffy-style envelopes.[1] On 19 February 2007, Miles Cooper was arrested, and appeared in court on 23 February charged with 12 offences relating to the case. On 27 September, he was found guilty of all 12 charges.
Luciana Sandoval (born 17 September 1980) is a Salvadoran television presenter, dancer and former model.
Desdunes (Haitian Creole: Dedin) is a commune that is part of the Dessalines Arrondissement in Haiti's Artibonite Department. It is located in the great Artibonite Plain, in the heart of the rice granary of Haiti. The population was 37,027 at the 2015 census.[1] Rice production is the driving force of the local economy.
Buxin station (Chinese: 布心站; pinyin: Bùxīn Zhàn) is a Metro station of Shenzhen Metro Line 5. It opened on 22 June 2011.
The Sidi Mohammed ben Abdallah Museum (French: "Musée Sidi Mohammed ben Abdallah") is a history museum in the city of Essaouira, Morocco. It was named after the founder of the city, Mohammed ben Abdallah.
ROKS Incheon (FFG-811) is the lead ship of the Incheon-class frigate in the Republic of Korea Navy. She is named after the city, Incheon.
Hrib pri Koprivniku (pronounced [ˈxɾiːp pri kɔˈpɾiːu̯niku]; sometimes also Gorica,[2] German: Büchel,[3][4] Gottscheerish: Piechl[5]) is a remote almost abandoned settlement in the Municipality of Kočevje in southern Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Southeast Slovenia Statistical Region.[6]
Adwa (Tigrinya: ዓድዋ; Amharic: ዐድዋ; also spelled Aduwa) is a town and separate woreda in Tigray Region, Ethiopia. It is best known as the community closest to the site of the 1896 Battle of Adwa, in  which Ethiopian soldiers defeated Italian troops, thus being one of the few African nations to thwart European colonialism. Located in the Central Zone of the Tigray Region, Adwa has a longitude and latitude of 14°10′N 38°54′E﻿ / ﻿14.167°N 38.900°E﻿ / 14.167; 38.900, and an elevation of 1907 meters. Adwa is surrounded by Adwa woreda.
Duke is the twenty-eighth studio album by American keyboardist and record producer George Duke. The single "T-Jam" was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance.[2]
I Hate Myself (for Loving You) is the ninth album by Thijs van Leer, released under the name Van Leer.
William Master was one of the two MPs for Ipswich in January 1380, 1385 and possibly 1395.[1]
Hydrophobins are a group of small (~100 amino acids) cysteine-rich proteins that are expressed only by filamentous fungi that are lichenized or not. They are known for their ability to form a hydrophobic (water-repellent) coating on the surface of an object.[1] They were first discovered and separated in Schizophyllum commune in 1991.[2] Based on differences in hydropathy patterns and biophysical properties, they can be divided into two categories: class I and class II. Hydrophobins can self-assemble into a monolayer on hydrophilic:hydrophobic interfaces such as a water:air interface. Class I monolayer contains the same core structure as amyloid fibrils, and is positive to Congo red and thioflavin T. The monolayer formed by class I hydrophobins has a highly ordered structure, and can only be dissociated by concentrated  trifluoroacetate or formic acid. Monolayer assembly involves large structural rearrangements with respect to the monomer.[3]
Yap Sports Complex is located in Abay, Gagil, Yap State, Federated States of Micronesia. It is the national stadium and the home of Yap sporting events. The stadium's capacity is around 2,000, and it was built in 2001—in time for the 3rd FSM Games. In 2018, it was renovated and extended in time for the 9th Micronesian Games hosted by Yap State for the very first time. Association football club Nimgil, champions of Micronesia after defeating Weloy in 2021,[1] use the venue for games.
Farrington is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with this name include:
Kay Vosheh (Persian: كايوشه, also Romanized as Kāy Vosheh, Kāy Vasheh, and Kīvosheh; also known as Kāewasheh and Kā’ī Vacheh)[1] is a village in Quri Chay Rural District, in the Central District of Dehgolan County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 58, in 12 families.[2] The village is populated by Kurds.[3]
Emmanuel Fianu (born 14 June 1957) is a Ghanaian Roman Catholic bishop. He was appointed Bishop of Roman Catholic Diocese of Ho in 2015 by Pope Francis upon the retirement of Francis Lodonu.[1]
Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte (How the Silesians Became, Were and Are Christians: A Contribution to Silesian Cultural History) is a 2011 book by German theologian Wolfgang Nastainczyk published by Schnell & Steiner. The book takes a look at the history of Christianity in Silesia from the year AD 950 to the present day and examines the effects history has had on the faith of Silesians over the years. Nastainczyk examines what impacts events such as the Crusades and Nazi Germany had on the region. It took him ten years to research and write.
The Arrows A20 was the car with which the Arrows Formula One team competed in the 1999 Formula One season.  
Patrick D. F. Ion is an American mathematician whose main interest is in mathematical knowledge management.
Evergreen is an unincorporated community in Florence County, South Carolina, United States.[1]  The community is located at the intersection of SC 51, SC 327 and Lebanon Road (S-21-149), halfway between Florence and Pamplico.
Paul Earnest Selge (August 4, 1921 – April 20, 2016) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head football coach at Indiana State University in Terre Haute, Indiana in 1955, compiling a record of 2–7.[1] He was a star football and basketball player at Indiana State as a student from 1939 until 1943.[2]
Chhota Patar Char is a village in Barisal District in the Barisal Division of southern-central Bangladesh.[1][2]
"On a Mission" is a song written by Ira Dean, David Lee Murphy and Kim Tribble, and recorded by American country music group Trick Pony.  It was released in August 2002 as the first single and title track from the album On a Mission.  The song reached number 19 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.[1]
Schnaittach (in its upper course before the confluence with the Ittlinger Bach: Naifer Bach[2]) is a river of Bavaria, Germany. It is a right tributary of the Pegnitz near Neunkirchen am Sand. It passes through the town Schnaittach.
Kinetic Honda was a joint venture between Kinetic Engineering Limited, India and Honda Motor Company, Japan. Kinetic was the first company to have a joint venture with HMSI. The partnership operated from 1984 to 1998, manufacturing two-stroke scooters in India. In 1998, the joint venture was terminated after which Kinetic Engineering continued to sell the models under the brand name Kinetic until 2008 when the interests were sold to Mahindra. Mahindra later wound up their two wheeler business, owing to poor sales.[1]
Treppo Grande (Friulian: Trep Grant) is a comune (municipality) in   the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia, located about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Trieste and about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of Udine.
The term C cap (C-cap, Ccap) describes an amino acid in a particular position within a protein or polypeptide.[1][2][3][4][5][6] The C cap residue of an alpha helix is the last amino acid residue at the C terminus of the helix. More precisely, it is defined as the last residue (i) whose NH group is hydrogen-bonded to the CO group of residue i-4 (or sometimes residue i-3). Because of this it is sometimes also described as the residue following the helix.
Gum Grove is a small unincorporated community in Warren County, in the U.S. state of Ohio.[1]
Francis Michael "Whitey" Wistert (February 20, 1912 – April 23, 1985) was an American football and baseball player. He played college football and college baseball at the University of Michigan.  Wistert was the first of the three Wistert brothers—he was succeeded by Albert (Al) and Alvin—who were named All-American tackles at Michigan and later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.  He was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1967. During his time at Michigan, Wistert played on three consecutive Big Ten Conference football championships teams, including two that won back-to-back national championships.  He was also Big Ten Conference MVP in baseball in college and later played for Major League Baseball's Cincinnati Reds. The Wistert brothers all wore jersey No. 11 at Michigan and are among the seven players who have had their numbers retired by the Michigan Wolverines football program.  Their number will be put back into circulation starting on November 10, 2012 before a Michigan home game against Northwestern as part of the Michigan Football Legend program.[1]
The Škoda Felicia is an automobile which was produced by AZNP from 1959 to 1964.[1]
Amsterdam Castle, also known as the Amsterdam Armory, located at 49 Florida Avenue at the intersection with Dewitt Street in Amsterdam, Montgomery County, New York was built in 1895 by Isaac G. Perry in the castellated Late Victorian style as a National Guard Armory  for the 46th Separate Company of the New York Army National Guard.[2] It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1994.[3][4]
Created in 1984, the Jujamcyn Theaters Award has been given over 20+ years to honor a resident theater organization that has made an outstanding contribution to the development of creative talent for the theatre.  The award has been sponsored by Jujamcyn Amusement Corporation, one of the three principal organizations involved in Broadway theatre in New York.  The award has included a cash prize that has varied from $50,000 to $100,000.  The former owner of Jujamcyn, James H. Binger, was a primary sponsor of the award up to his death in 2004.  Since his death the award has been given once, rather than the prior pattern of annual awards.  Several recipients of the Jujamcyn Award have also been recognized with the Regional Theatre Tony Award.  The Jujamcyn Theatres Award recipients have been the following:
The Canton of Aytré is a canton of the Charente-Maritime département, in France. After the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015, the canton was expanded from 3 to 4 communes:[2]
Jesús María Sanz-Serna (born 12 June 1953 in Valladolid, Spain) is a mathematician who specializes in applied mathematics. Sanz-Serna pioneered the field of geometric integration and wrote the first book on this subject.[1]  From 1998 to 2006, he was rector of the University of Valladolid.[2]
No. 129 Wing RAF is a former Royal Air Force wing that was operational during the Second World War.
Maja e Shtogut is a sharp mountain in the crest of the Accursed Mountains range in Albania in the south of the Dinaric Alps, about 4.5 km southeast of the village Nikç. Maja Stogut is known in the area for its high limestone pillar which rises to 2,246m above mean sea level.[1]
The Meigs Mountain Trail is an American hiking trail in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park of Sevier County, Tennessee. The trail traverses the northern slopes of Meigs Mountain in the northwest section of the park, connecting Jakes Creek in the Elkmont area with Lumber Ridge in the Tremont area.  The Meigs Mountain Trail, when joined with the 4.1-mile (6.6 km) Lumber Ridge Trail and the first 0.4 miles (0.64 km) of the Jakes Creek Trail, is part of a 10.5-mile (16.9 km) continuous path connecting the Appalachian Club section of Elkmont with the Great Smoky Mountains Institute at Tremont.  In the early 20th century, the logging communities that formed at Elkmont and Tremont branched out across the relatively broad northern slopes of Meigs Mountain.  Other than a crude mountain cemetery, the occasional detritus, and a few rock walls, however, very little remains of the mountain's former inhabitants.    
Auto Boy - Carl from Mobile Land (Japanese: のりものまん モービルランドのカークン, Hepburn: Norimonoman Mobiru rando no Ka-kun, lit. Norimono Man Mobile Land no Car-kun) is a multimedia kids project by Aniplex and Sony Music Entertainment Japan. A manga adaptation began serialization on Shogakukan's Mebae magazine on April 1, 2020. An original anime television series produced by CloverWorks began airing from April 2020.
Victor Nikolaevich Palmov  (Ukrainian: Віктор Никандрович Пальмов) (10 October 1888 – 7 June 1929) was a Ukrainian painter of Russian origin and avant-garde artist (Futurist and Neo-primitivist) from the David Burliuk circle.
Bedriye Hoşgör (1889 Ottoman Empire – 1968, Turkey) was a Turkish composer.
Mi Corazón (English: My Heart) is the second Spanish album recorded by American Latin pop and contemporary Christian recording artist Jaci Velasquez. It was released by Sony Discos on May 1, 2001 (see 2001 in music). The album charted in the top 10 on both the Latin Pop Albums and Top Latin Albums charts.[2] lead single, "Cómo Se Cura Una Herida", charted at No. 1 on the Billboard Hot Latin Tracks and Latin Pop Airplay chart.[3] The album received a nomination for a Grammy Award for Best Latin Pop Album in the 44th Annual Grammy Awards on February 27, 2002, and it won a Dove Award for Best Spanish language album of the year.
"María la del Barrio" is a song by Mexican singer Thalía, from her fourth studio album En éxtasis (1995). It was released as the third[1] single from the album and also as the theme song of the Mexican telenovela of the same name. The song was written by Viviana Pimstein and Paco Navarrete. "Maria la del Barrio" followed the "Thalía mania" success around the world and was a number one single in more than 20 countries. The song is considered one of her signature songs and was a smash hit.
2WAL, 3FFMEl Pueblito is a city in the Mexican state of Querétaro. It serves as the municipal seat of the Corregidora Municipality.[2] According to the 2020 population census conducted by INEGI, it had a total of 115,264 inhabitants.[1][3] It is part of the Querétaro metropolitan area.[4]
Thompson Peaks (84°26′S 166°30′E﻿ / ﻿84.433°S 166.500°E﻿ / -84.433; 166.500) is a two peaks on the divide between upper Moody Glacier and Bingley Glacier in the Queen Alexandra Range. Named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) for Douglas C. Thompson, United States Antarctic Research Program (USARP) cosmic rays scientist at McMurdo Station, 1963; South Pole Station, 1965.
Tawfiq Tayarah (Arabic: توفيق طيارة; born January 1, 1984, in Homs) is a Syrian football player who plays for Manshia Bani Hassan in the Jordan League.
Frank Edgington Fenton (February 13, 1903 – August 23, 1971) was an American writer of screenplays, short stories, magazine articles, and novels.
The Niwa clan (丹羽氏, Niwa-shi) was a Japanese samurai clan of northern Honshū that claimed descent from Emperor Kanmu via Prince Yoshimine no Yasuo (785-80) and Kodama Koreyuki (d.1069).[1]
"Keep On Pushing" is a 1964 single by The Impressions, and was the title track of the album of the same name. 
The 2022 WISE Power 400 was the second stock car race of the 2022 NASCAR Cup Series and the 25th running of the event. The race was held on Sunday, in Fontana, California, at Auto Club Speedway, a 2 miles (3.2 km) permanent D-shaped oval racetrack. The race took the scheduled 200 laps to complete. At race's end, Kyle Larson, driving for Hendrick Motorsports, would win a drama-filled race after a controversial block on teammate Chase Elliott within the closing laps of the race had put Elliott in the wall. Larson would defend the field on the final restart to win his 17th career NASCAR Cup Series race and his first of the season.[8] To fill out the top 3, Austin Dillon of Richard Childress Racing and Erik Jones of Petty GMS Motorsports would finish second and third, respectively.
Chantal Youdum is a Cameroonian film director and producer.
Isona i Conca Dellà is a municipality in the comarca of the Pallars Jussà in Catalonia, Spain. It is situated in the valley of the Conques river in the south-east of the comarca. It was formed in 1970 by the fusion of the following municipalities: Isona, Basturs, Benavent de la Conca, Biscarri, Conques, Covet, Gramenet, Llordà, Masos de Sant Martí, Montodó, Orcau i Figuerola d'Orcau, Sant Romà d'Abella and Siall. The town hall is in Isona. The municipality is served by the C-1412 road between Artesa de Segre and Tremp, and is linked to Coll de Nargó by the L-511. It includes a small exclave to the south.
Jim Dolan (born 1948) is an American sculptor specializing in outdoor larger-than-life bronze and steel sculptures, especially of Montana-related subjects and wildlife. He has created a number of large scale multiple element sculptures, and over 170 works of public art. He currently lives in Belgrade, Montana.[1] He has created works in steel, copper and brass.[2]
Joseph Anokye is a Ghanaian geodetic engineer and technology manager. He has worked with various organizations, including the National Aeronautics and Space Administration in the United States as a telecommunications service manager. He is a member of the New Patriotic Party and the current head of the National Communications Authority of Ghana.[1]
An ink eraser is an instrument used to scrape away or chemically bleach ink from a writing surface. This is a more involved process than removing pencil markings. Pencil marks can be gradually adhered to natural rubber fragments by rubbing the mark with a pencil eraser (this action is what prompted Joseph Priestly to give solidified latex its common name.) Ink, however readily penetrates the fibers of most papers and is therefore more difficult to extract by mechanical action. 
Temptations Live! is the first live album to be released by The Temptations. The album was recorded on October 3, 1966, at the Roostertail in Detroit, Michigan.   The album cover photograph was taken in March 1966 at The 20 Grand, 14th and Warren in Detroit, Michigan,[2] and the album was released on Gordy (Motown) Records in 1967. The album features David Ruffin, Paul Williams, Eddie Kendricks, Melvin Franklin, and Otis Williams performing their regular live repertoire for a highly receptive crowd mostly consisting of young women. Included in the set are Temptations hits such as "My Girl", "My Baby", "Get Ready", "Ain't Too Proud to Beg", "Don't Look Back", and the group's then-current single, "Beauty Is Only Skin Deep". Out of the several live albums the group recorded during their career, this is the only one to feature David Ruffin. The album remained on the Billboard pop albums chart for 51 weeks, peaking at number 10.
Tartak Lock is the thirteenth lock on the Augustow Canal (from the Biebrza). It was not planned in the original draft written by Ignatius Prądzyński. Its construction was necessary because the state of the waters piled high water, and destroyed hydro-technical equipment.
The 1978 The Citadel Bulldogs football team represented The Citadel, The Military College of South Carolina in the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season.  Art Baker served as head coach for the first season.  The Bulldogs played as members of the Southern Conference and played home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium.[1][2][3]
Adem Redjehimi (Arabic: آدم رجيمي; born 7 October 1995) is an Algerian footballer[1][2] who plays for USM Annaba in the Algerian Ligue 2.[3]
Rabo de Ovelha (Portuguese for "Sheep's tail") is white Portuguese wine grape variety that is grown all over Portugal. It should not be confused with the red Rabo de Anho grape variety that is found in the Vinho Verde region. Rabo de Ovelha is an authorized grape variety in the Bairrada, Borba, Bucelas, Redondo, Reguengos, Setúbal and Vidigueira Denominação de Origem Controlada (DOC). The grape variety gets its name from the way its grape bunches resembles the end of a ewe's tail. In winemaking, Rabo de Ovelha is known for producing highly alcoholic wines that wine expert Jancis Robinson describes as lacking subtlety.[1]
Milvi Koplus (16 June 1935 – 8 January 2010) was an Estonian psychiatrist, numerologist and hiromant.[1]
Matthews Winery is a winery near Woodinville, Washington, USA. It specializes in wines using the Bordeaux grape varietals: Cabernet Sauvignon, Merlot, Cabernet Franc, and Petit Verdot.
Valdelagua del Cerro is a municipality located in the province of Soria, Castile and León, Spain.  As of 2016[update], it has 20 inhabitants.
Baldwin of Marash (died 1146) was a Crusader baron in northern Syria, the lord of Marash from at least 1136.
Nathalie de Ségur, baronne de Malaret (1 May 1827-12 March 1910) was a French courtier. She served as lady-in-waiting (dame de Palais) to the empress of France, Eugénie de Montijo.
BlogTalkRadio is a web-based platform that allows podcasters and radio sites and talk show hosts to create live and on-demand talk format content for distribution on the web and podcast distribution channels.  Its claim to fame is a web-based 'studio' that allows its content creators to host multi-participant broadcasts using a computer and a phone.[1][2]
Gebregiorgis is an Ethiopian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
YMI Jeans is an American company which manufactures denim jeans. The company is based in Los Angeles, and was founded in 2000 by David Vered, Michael Godigian and Moshe Zaga.[1]
Frank Makosky (January 20, 1910 – January 10, 1987) was a Major League Baseball pitcher. Makosky played for the New York Yankees in 1937. In 26 career games, he had a 5–2 record, with a 4.97 ERA. He batted and threw right-handed.
Bedan is a neighbourhood in the municipality and district of Gündoğmuş, Antalya Province, Turkey.[1] Its population is 316 (2022).[2]
Hideki Mitsui (三井 秀樹, Mitsui Hideki, born 1963) is a Japanese screenwriter. He has composed the script and series composition for numerous anime series.
Velika Pirešica (pronounced [ˈʋeːlika ˈpiːɾɛʃitsa]) is a settlement north of Žalec in east-central Slovenia. The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The entire Municipality of Žalec is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.[2]
Manca Pislak (born 9 September 1997) is a Slovenian tennis player.
The Safaris were an American pop group of the early 1960s from Los Angeles, California.
Jeanette Pasin Sloan (born 1946) is an American visual artist known for her photorealist prints, paintings and drawings.[2]
Judgmental Films is the production company of animator/film director Mike Judge, the creator of Beavis and Butt-Head, and a co-creator of King of the Hill.
Pancha Dan is the festival of five summer gifts. The five different things including rice grains, unhusked rice grains, salt, money and pulses that are needed for one's daily life are donated. These days, as per one's will and capacity, people donate other things besides that. This festival falls on triodashi, two days prior to the Father's day (Buwa ko mukh herne din) according to the lunar calendar. 
Real Playing Game (also known as RPG) is a 2013 Portuguese science fiction film directed by Tino Navarro and David Rebordão, produced and co-written by Navarro.[1] The film stars Rutger Hauer, Soraia Chaves, and Pedro Granger.[2][3]
Abouzeid is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The 1986 National Soccer League season was the sixty-third season under the National Soccer League (NSL) name. The season began in late May 1986 and concluded in early October 1986 with the NSL Championship final where Toronto Italia defeated Toronto Blizzard.[1] Though the Blizzard would still manage to secure a treble after finishing first in the standings to claim the regular-season title, and defeating London Marconi for the NSL Ontario Cup.[2][3][4] Toronto would earn the treble by defeating Vancouver Columbus Italia for the NSL Canadian Championship.[5] The fourth piece of silverware was claimed by the Blizzard after defeating Luso Stars of the Quebec National Soccer League (LNSQ) for the NSL Canada Cup.[6]
Betty Rothenberg is an American television and theatre director. She directed The Young and the Restless episodes from 1984 to 2002.
Kamenka (Russian: Каменка) is a rural locality (a selo) in Chernigosky Selsoviet of Arkharinsky District, Amur Oblast, Russia. The population was 27 in 2018.[2] There are 3 streets.
Sveriges Medeltida Ballader (SMB) is a scholarly edition which compiles, in principle, all of the known Swedish medieval (traditional) ballads in existence, including those from Swedish-speaking parts of Finland.[1] The collection was published between 1983 and 2001 by the Svenskt visarkiv, and edited by Bengt R. Jonsson [sv], Margareta Jersild [sv] and Sven-Bertil Jansson.
Santo Tomás de Castilla, officially known as Mátías de Gálvez though it popularly retains its former name,[1] is a port city in the Izabal Department, Guatemala. It lies at Amatique Bay off the Gulf of Honduras and is administratively a part of Puerto Barrios.
Maurice Bolyer (December 1, 1920 – August 18, 1978), born Maurice Beaulieu, was a composer and musician known as "Canada's King of the Banjo".[1] Although proficient in a variety of string instruments and piano, he is best known for his work on the banjo.
Joyce Lazaro Ndalichako is Minister of State (Policy, Parliament, Labour, Employment, Youth and the Disabled) in the Office of the Prime Minister of Tanzania. Previously she served as Minister of Education, Science, Technology and Vocational Training. She was appointed by the president of United Republic of Tanzania, John Magufuli, as a Member of Parliament and Minister for Education, Science, Technology and Vocational Training from 2015 in Tanzania.[1]

Cherian George is a Singaporean academic, currently a professor of Media Studies at Hong Kong Baptist University.
Dario Voltolini (Turin, 1959)[1] is an Italian writer. His style has often been described as "minimalism", though the author describes his writing as spontaneous and far from the patiently  refined work of minimalism master Raymond Carver.[2]
In enzymology, a mannitol 2-dehydrogenase (NADP+) (EC 1.1.1.138) is an enzyme that catalyzes the chemical reaction
Deer Park is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Babylon, in Suffolk County, on Long Island, in New York, United States. The population was 27,745 at the 2010 census.[2]
In information theory, joint entropy is a measure of the uncertainty associated with a set of variables.[2]
Keanan Brand (born 8 January 1999) is a professional rugby league footballer who plays as a centre for Barrow Raiders in th RFL Championship, on short-term loan from the Leigh Leopards in the Betfred Super League.

The Yamaha Rhino is an off-road vehicle produced by Yamaha Motor Company from 2004 to 2012, designed for a driver and passenger. Built at Yamaha’s factory in Newnan, Georgia, they can be equipped with either two or four-wheel drive. The vehicle is classified as a Side-by-side, UTV or ROV (Recreational off-highway vehicle).[1]
Stealey is the codename for a low-power x86 architecture microprocessor based on a Dothan core derived from the Intel Pentium M, built on a 90 nm process with 512 KB L2 cache and 400 MT/s front side bus (FSB). It was branded as Intel A100 and Intel A110 and appeared as part of the McCaslin platform.[1] They were replaced in 2008 by the Menlow platform, including the 45 nm Silverthorne CPU and Poulsbo SCH.[2]
Holmes is an unincorporated community in Ridley Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States.  It is located at 39°54′15″N 75°18′31″W﻿ / ﻿39.90417°N 75.30861°W﻿ / 39.90417; -75.30861 (39.9042791, -75.3085204).[1]
The Muppet Show 2 is the second soundtrack album released from the TV show of the same name. It follows the same format of sketches and songs as the first album, but also includes guest-star appearances by Bernadette Peters and Peter Sellers.
Persibom, or its full name Perserikatan Sepakbola Indonesia Bolaang Mongondow, is an Indonesian football club based in Bolaang Mongondow Regency, North Sulawesi. They currently compete in the Liga 3 and their homeground is Ambang Stadium.
National Tertiary Route 336, or just Route 336 (Spanish: Ruta Nacional Terciaria 336, or Ruta 336) is a National Road Route of Costa Rica, located in the San José province.[1]
St. Anne's Church (German: Annakirche) is located in Vienna, Austria, and has been administered by the Oblates of St. Francis de Sales since 1906. A relic of Saint Anne—her right hand—is kept in a rich Baroque setting and exhibited every year on July 26.

This list of Pittsburgh Panthers football All-Americans includes those members of the Pittsburgh Panthers football team who have received All-American honors from one or more selector organizations. The Pittsburgh Panthers, commonly referred to as the Pitt Panthers, represent the University of Pittsburgh in the sport of American football, and they compete in the Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) and the Coastal Division of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
Rewind Best (stylized as rewind BEST) is a series of two greatest hits albums by the Japanese electronica band Capsule, simultaneously released on March 6, 2013.[1] The releases contain fifteen songs each. The first album, Rewind Best-1 (2012→2006), spans music from their seventh album Fruits Clipper (2006) to their thirteenth album Stereo Worxxx (2012). The second album, Rewind Best-2 (2005→2001), contains music from Capsule's first album High Collar Girl (2001) to their sixth, L.D.K. Lounge Designers Killer (2005).
Desert warfare is warfare in deserts or similar arid or semi-arid environments. The term encompasses military operations affected by the terrain, climate, and resource availability of these areas, as well as the strategies and tactics used by military forces in these situations and environments.
Étude Op. 10, No. 9, in F minor, is a technical study composed by Frédéric Chopin in 1829. This étude is part of the twelve studies which belong to Op. 10. It is widely regarded as a good left hand étude because it promotes flexibility in the wrists and fingers.[citation needed]
Francesco Paolo Finocchiaro (15 March 1868 – 26 April 1947) was an Italian painter, known mostly for his portraits.
61°15′N 25°50′E﻿ / ﻿61.250°N 25.833°E﻿ / 61.250; 25.833
"Touch by Touch" is a song by Austrian Euro disco band Joy, released in 1985 as the second single from their debut album, Hello. The song was a huge success in their homeland, where it reached number one. In Germany, the song reached the top 20, peaking at No. 18 in 1986. It also became a hit in East Asia and the Philippines, and remains as the band's signature song.
The Curse of 1940, also called Dutton's Curse, was a superstitious explanation for why the National Hockey League (NHL)'s New York Rangers did not win the league's championship trophy, the Stanley Cup, from 1940 through 1994.
Pange lingua may refer to either of two Mediaeval Latin hymns of the Roman Catholic Church: one by St. Thomas Aquinas and one by Venantius Fortunatus[1] (530-609), which extols the triumph of the Cross. He wrote it for a procession that brought a part of the true Cross to Queen Radegunda in 570. This hymn is used on Good Friday during the Adoration of the Cross and in the Liturgy of the Hours during Holy Week and on feasts of the Cross. The concluding stanza was not written by Fortunatus, but was added later.
When used in the Liturgy the hymn is often broken into smaller hymns such as: Lustra sex qui iam peregit, En acetum, fel, arundo, and Crux fidelis inter omnes.
James Scott (died 1796) was a Sergeant of Marines in the New South Wales Marine Corps and commander of the first quarter guard in New South Wales. He is notable for his journal describing his experiences in the First Fleet, which established the first European settlement in Australia in 1788.
Friedrich Laibach (born April 2, 1885, in Limburg, Germany) was a German botanist.
Karolina Anna Michalczuk (born 6 December 1979) is a world champion boxer,[1] and twice European champion. She was born in Brzezice, a village in eastern Poland. Her club is Paco Lublin.
The Odd-Man-Out Reaction Time test (OMO RT) is a test of reaction times that uses Arthur Jensen's testing apparatus, the Jensen box. The box is normally used for measuring choice reaction times in which the participant in the experiment is tested on their ability to recognize which of the eight lights of the Jensen box is illuminated, as quickly as possible.[1] However, in the Odd Man Out Reaction Time test, three lights are illuminated in each trial.  Two are close together and the other further apart; the individual being tested must identify this third light.[1]
Arroyo Viejo (“Old Creek” in Spanish[1]) is a westward flowing 5.1 miles (8.2 km) creek that begins in the Oakland Hills in Alameda County, California, and joins Lion Creek just before entering San Leandro Bay, a part of eastern San Francisco Bay.[2]
The Arrondissement of Dinant (French: Arrondissement de Dinant; Dutch: Arrondissement Dinant) is one of the three administrative arrondissements in the Walloon province of Namur, Belgium. It is both an administrative and a judicial arrondissement. However, the Judicial Arrondissement of Dinant also comprises the municipalities of the Arrondissement of Philippeville.
Hrabovčík (Hungarian: Gyertyánpatak, until 1899: Hrabovcsik; Rusyn: Грабівчік) is a village and municipality in Svidník District in the Prešov Region of north-eastern Slovakia.
Gunungkaler is a district located in the Tangerang Regency of Banten in Java, Indonesia.
Filizzola is an Italian surname. Notable people with the surname include:
72 Market Street Oyster Bar and Grill was a popular Venice, California restaurant founded in 1983 and launched by Tony Bill and Dudley Moore.[1] The small restaurant was a celebrity hot spot which received attention for its food as well as an in house radio talk show and lecture series. It closed in November 2000.
Wheeler is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Prentiss County, Mississippi, United States.[2] Its ZIP code is 38880.[3]
Health Canada (HC; French: Santé Canada, SC)[NB 1] is the department of the Government of Canada responsible for national health policy. The department itself is also responsible for numerous federal health-related agencies, including the Canadian Food Inspection Agency (CFIA) and the Public Health Agency of Canada (PHAC), among others. These organizations help to ensure compliance with federal law in a variety of healthcare, agricultural, and pharmaceutical activities. This responsibility also involves extensive collaboration with various other federal- and provincial-level organizations in order to ensure the safety of food, health, and pharmaceutical products—including the regulation of health research and pharmaceutical manufacturing/testing facilities.
The Engelberg Tunnel is a motorway tunnel on the German A81 Autobahn (motorway) just to the west of Stuttgart on the outskirts of Leonberg. During World War II it was used as a Nazi forced labor factory for the manufacture and storage of aircraft parts.
Maylene & The Sons of Disaster is the debut studio album by Maylene and the Sons of Disaster. The album was released on October 25, 2005 through Mono vs Stereo.
Dumbing down is the deliberate oversimplification of intellectual content in education, literature, and cinema, news, video games, and culture. Originated in 1933, the term "dumbing down" was movie-business slang, used by screenplay writers, meaning: "[to] revise so as to appeal to those of little education or intelligence".[1] Dumbing-down varies according to subject matter, and usually involves the diminishment of critical thought by undermining standard language and learning standards, thus trivializing academic standards, culture, and meaningful information, as in the case of popular culture.
Parallel Problem Solving from Nature, or PPSN, is a research conference focusing on the topic of natural computing.
The Waltham-Lowell system was a labor and production model employed during the rise of the textile industry in the United States, particularly in New England, during the rapid expansion of the Industrial Revolution in the early 19th century.
Claudio Vázquez Rodríguez (born April 6, 1982 Salvatierra, Guanajuato, Mexico), is a Mexican football manager and former player.
Bruce Peel Special Collections is a library in the University of Alberta Library system that includes more than 100,000 rare books and archival materials.[1] The library is named for Bruce Braden Peel, chief librarian at the University of Alberta from 1955 to 1982.[2]

Panday Pira (Kapampángan: Pandeng Pira; 1488–1576) was a Philippine Kapampángan blacksmith[additional citation(s) needed][1][2] His name literally translates as "Blacksmith Pira", panday being the Tagalog word for "blacksmith".
Gladys Rockmore Davis (May 11, 1901 – February 16, 1967) was an American artist who worked in both commercial and fine arts. She gave up a career in advertising art to work in creative painting. Her work in pastels ranks with her oils, and her chief subjects are children, nudes, and still lifes. She also painted ballet dancers, vignettes of liberated Paris, and scenes of Spain. An art critic once called Davis "the ten-year wonder of United States art".[1] Her husband Floyd Davis and her son Noel Rockmore were well-known artists as well.
Ivan Emanuel Wallin (22 January 1883 – 6 March 1969)[2] was an American biologist who made the first experimental works on endosymbiotic theory.[3] Nicknamed the "Mitochondria Man", he claimed that mitochondria, which are cell organelles, were once independent bacteria, as supported by his comparative studies and culture of isolated mitochondria.[4] From 1922, he published a series of papers titled "On the nature of mitochondria" in the American Journal of Anatomy which became the experimental foundations of his claims. He was the first person to specifically postulate that eukaryotic organelles originated from bacteria, and that symbiosis is a major force in creation of new species.[5]
The Apostolic Vicariate of the Western District was an ecclesiastical jurisdiction of the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales. It was led by a vicar apostolic who was a titular bishop. The Apostolic Vicariate of the Western District was created in 1688 and was dissolved in 1850 and replaced by two dioceses.
Oskar Petrus Nissinen (26 July 1864, Sortavala – 27 March 1937) was a Finnish land surveyor, farmer and politician.[1][2]
He was a Member of the Diet of Finland from 1900 to 1906 and a Member of the Parliament of Finland from 1917 to 1919, representing the Young Finnish Party until 1918 and the National Coalition Party from 1918 to 1919.[3]
Bimorgh (Persian: بيمرغ, also Romanized as Bīmorgh; also known as Bīmūraq, Bī Mūrch, Bīmurgh, Bīmūrq, and Binurgh)[1] is a village in Pas Kalut Rural District, in the Central District of Gonabad County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 973, in 290 families.[2]
Penelope L. Peterson is an American educational psychologist and academic administrator. Peterson was named Dean of Northwestern University School of Education and Social Policy in September 1997 and previously served as University Distinguished Professor of Education at Michigan State University and Sears-Bascom Professor of Education at University of Wisconsin–Madison. She also served as president of the American Education Research Association (1996–1997).
Enigma (Tara Virango) is a superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Tara is a native of Bangladesh and through her mutation from a nano-virus, she gained superhuman powers giving her some sort of connection to the Buddhist goddess, Tara.
Bishop Cosimo Dossena, B. (1547 – 12 March 1620) was a Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Tortona from 1612 to 1620.[1]
Harriet Khoza, formerly Sebata (née Mathapelo), is a fictional television character from the South African Mzansi Magic telenovela The Queen.[1] The character was portrayed by Connie Ferguson since the show's inception in August 2016 till its season finale in January 2023.[2]
Aungmraching Marma (Bengali: অংম্রাচিং মারমা) is a Bangladeshi women footballer[1][2] who plays as a forward, and also can play as a midfielder. She played for Bangladesh women's national football team.[3] She was also the captain of Bangladesh women's national football team.
Ifeanyi Convenant Ofoegbu (born 5 January 2000) is a footballer for Northern Premier League side Ossett United.
Something's Burning is the fifth album by Kenny Rogers & The First Edition, released in 1970.
Study hall, known as private study, SAS, structured study or free periods in the United Kingdom, is a term for a place to have a study time during the school day where students are assigned to study when they are not scheduled for an academic class. They are most commonly found in high schools and some middle schools, especially in the United States. In colleges, such a place may be called a student lounge. It is not to be confused with studying in a hallway.

There are a number of post-secondary educational institutions in Romania. Public universities, owned and operated by the state, emerged as such in the 1860s. Private universities, except for a handful of theological seminaries, were set up after the Romanian Revolution of 1989.
The UruCup is a rugby union competition that was first held in 2015 (from 8–14 March) at the Estadio Charrúa in Montevideo with Charrúas XV, Argentina Jaguars, South American XV, Chile, Uruguay U20 and Argentina U20 taking part.
The following is a partial list of minor planets, running from minor-planet number 3001 through 4000, inclusive. The primary data for this and other partial lists is based on JPL's "Small-Body Orbital Elements"[1] and "Data Available from the Minor Planet Center".[2] A detailed description of the table's columns and additional sources are given on the main page including a complete list of every page in this series, and a statistical break-up on the dynamical classification of minor planets.

Sir William Flamville (c. 1325 – c. 1396), of Aston Flamville, Leicestershire, was an English politician.
Inchang High School (Korean: 인창고등학교; RR: Inchang Godeung Hakgyo), also known as Inchang-Go(Korean: 인창고) or Seoul Inchang-Go(Korean: 서울 인창고) is one of the oldest private high schools in Seoul, South Korea founded in 1922.
Franklin Springfield Motor Co. Building, also known as the Proctor Motor Co., Indiana Trucks, Inc., and The White Motor Co., is a historic automobile showroom located in Springfield, Missouri, United States. Built about 1891 and renovated about 1925, it is a two-story commercial building with a yellow brick veneer facade with limestone trim. The building measures 45 feet wide and 100 feet deep.[2]: 5 
Evelio Otero (March 13, 1920 – February 12, 1988) was the first television anchorman in Puerto Rico and one of the first in Latin America.[1]
The following is a list of people executed by the U.S. state of Idaho since capital punishment was resumed in 1976.
Steele is not a given name currently or in known history.
Mada Station (馬田駅, Mada-eki) is a train station located in Asakura, Fukuoka.
Micro is a town in Johnston County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 458 as of the 2020 census, up from 441 in the 2010 census.[4]
"The Very Best Is You" is a song written by Frank Stephens and Larry Shell, and recorded by American country music artist Charly McClain.  It was released in December 1981 as the third single from the album Surround Me with Love.  The song reached #5 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart.[1]
A family reunion is an occasion when many members of an extended family congregate. Sometimes reunions are held regularly, for example on the same date of every year.
The Halltown Colored Free School in Halltown, West Virginia was built in 1870 to educate children from the African-American community in Halltown.  The school was racially segregated from local schools for whites, in accordance with the laws of the time.  It functioned in that capacity until 1929, when it was converted to a residence.
Timothy T. Cronin (June 27, 1884 – September 20, 1955) was the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Wisconsin.[1]
Lubuklinggau, is a city in South Sumatra, Indonesia. It has an area of 401.50 km² and had a population of 201,308 at the 2010 Census[2] and 234,166 at the 2020 Census;[3] the official estimate as at mid 2022 was 240,238 (comprising 120,961 males and 119,277 females).[4] The city was formerly part of the Musi Rawas Regency from which it was separated on 21 June 2001.
Stepan Aleksandrovich Reznik (Russian: Степан Александрович Резник; born 6 January 1983) is a Russian professional football coach and a former player. He manages FC Magnat Krasnodar.
Sandra Adams Dodd (born July 24, 1953, Augusta, Georgia) is an unschooling advocate. Her articles have been published in homeschooling journals (particularly, Home Education Magazine), in her books "Moving a Puddle" and "Sandra Dodd's Big Book of Unschooling", and are available on her personal website. Articles she has written have been translated into several languages, and her "Public School On Your Own Terms" was featured in "The Homeschooling Book of Answers". She was frequently invited to speak at homeschooling and unschooling conferences and announced her retirement from conferences in 2017.
Hikmat Beik al-Hiraki al-Husseini  (1886–1969) (Arabic: حكمت بك الحراكي) was a Syrian nationalist, statesman and one of the original writers of the Syrian constitution.[1]
Neuchâtel Airport[a] is an airport in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.[1]
Hans Adam von Schöning (1 October 1641 – 28 August 1696) was a Generalfeldmarschall in the service of Brandenburg-Prussia and the Electorate of Saxony.
The 2013 Formula D season (officially titled Formula Drift Pro Championship) was the tenth  season of the Formula D series. The season began on April 12 at Long Beach and ended on October 12 at Irwindale Speedway.[1]
Jagdish Dharamchand Koonjul, GCSK, GOSK, is the Permanent Representative of Mauritius to the United Nations, and was President of the United Nations Security Council in January 2002.
Gołąbki [ɡɔˈwɔmpki] (German: Spittels) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pasłęk, within Elbląg County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-east of Pasłęk, 20 km (12 mi) east of Elbląg, and 62 km (39 mi) north-west of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Walter Ernest Dixon FRS[1] OBE (2 June 1871 – 16 August 1931) was a British pharmacologist and fellow of the Royal Society.
The Alla mia età Tour 2009–2010 is the fourth tour of the Italian singer Tiziano Ferro in support of his album Alla mia età.
Glorya Kaufman is an American philanthropist.

John Francary O'Reilly (born August 4, 1940) is a Canadian politician. He represented the Haliburton—Kawartha Lakes—Brock riding for the Liberal party from 1993 to 2004. He lost his job in the 2004 election to the Conservative candidate Barry Devolin. He is now a real estate broker by profession.[1]
The Box Office Entertainment Award for Box Office King is an award presented annually by the Memorial Scholarship Foundation, led by Corazon Samaniego. It was first awarded at the 1st Box Office Entertainment Awards ceremony, held in 1971 and it is given in honor of an actor whose films set the highest box office record in the film industry.[1]
The 1996 Nazca earthquake occurred on November 12 at 16:59 UTC (11:59 local time).[1] The earthquake was located offshore near Nazca, Peru.[2] It has a magnitude of Mw 7.7. Fourteen people were reported dead. Four-thousand houses collapsed and 11,000 were partially damaged. Nazca and Acarí were the most affected cities. Liquefaction was observed in the bed of the Yauca River. The intensity was VIII (Severe) in Nazca. A tsunami was triggered by this earthquake. The recorded peak-to-trough heights of the tsunami were 25 cm in Callao, Peru and 35 cm in Arica, Chile.
Arturo José Cruz Porras (December 18, 1923 – July 9, 2013), sometimes called Arturo Cruz Sr. to distinguish him from his son, was a Nicaraguan banker and technocrat.[1] He became prominent in politics during the Sandinista (FSLN) era. After repeatedly resigning from positions in protest, opinion divided between those who lauded him as a statesman and man of principle, and those who derided him as an ineffectual hand-wringer.
San Nicolás de Bari Municipal Museum is a museum located in 32nd street in San Nicolás de Bari, Cuba. It was established on 28 January 1982.[1]
Krępa Mała [ˈkrɛmpa ˈmawa] is a district of the city of Zielona Góra, in western Poland,[1] located in the northern part of the city. It was a separate village until 2014.
Puma.NET is an open source OCR SDK project for the Microsoft Windows platform available under a BSD license. The project is oriented towards software developers working with Microsoft's .NET Framework and is aimed to provide newly developed applications with OCR capabilities. Puma.NET is a wrapper for CuneiForm.
19°42′41.50″N 71°50′39.44″W﻿ / ﻿19.7115278°N 71.8442889°W﻿ / 19.7115278; -71.8442889
Fort la Bouque (commonly referred by locals as Labouc) is one of three colonial forts in Fort-Liberté Arrondissement in the Nord-Est Department of Haiti. There are three other forts on the eastern edge of the channel: Batterie de l'Anse, Fort Saint Charles and Fort Saint Frédérique, one of which is known locally as Fort-Lachatre.[1]  Labouc sits northeasterly at the narrow tip separating the Atlantic Ocean and the Bay of Fort-Liberté and adjacent to a vast area of land northwesterly. The area occupied by Labouc and the land adjacent known as ESSO by locals form part of larger makeup of the bay.
Arx Fatalis is a 2002 action role-playing game developed by Arkane Studios and released for Windows and Xbox. The game is played from a first-person perspective and is set on a world whose sun has failed, forcing the above-ground creatures to take refuge in caverns. The game's mechanics include the use of mouse gestures to cast spells. Arx Fatalis received mostly positive reviews from critics but was not commercially successful. In 2011, Arkane Studios released the game's source code under the GNU General Public License (GPL), though the game assets remain proprietary.
Pier 66 is a 1996 American TV film. It was shot as a pilot for a TV series that did not eventuate but screened as a stand-alone TV movie.
Bassettville Township is a township in Decatur County, Kansas, USA.  As of the 2000 census, its population was 26.
Kadłubowo [kadwuˈbɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Dzierzążnia, within Płońsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.[2][3] It lies approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-west of Dzierzążnia, 16 km (10 mi) west of Płońsk, and 71 km (44 mi) north-west of Warsaw. It has a population of 118 as of 2021.[4]
Baskonia B is the reserve team of Baskonia. It currently plays in Liga EBA, the fourth tier of Spanish basketball.
CHLO (530 kHz) is a commercial AM radio station in Brampton, Ontario, serving Greater Toronto. It is owned by Evanov Communications and broadcasts a multilingual format. Most programming is Punjabi with other languages of South Asia. Some Italian, German, Croatian, Tagalog, Bulgarian, and Spanish language shows are heard on weekends. CHLO's radio studios and offices are on Dundas Street West in the Eatonville neighbourhood of Toronto.
"The Frost-Giant's Daughter" is one of the original fantasy short stories about Conan the Cimmerian, written by American author Robert E. Howard.
The Petersberg, at 250.4 m above sea level (NN), is the highest point in the district of Saalekreis in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
Baraka Andrew Ongeri (born September 14, 1997), known professionally by the stage name Binki (stylized as binki), is an American singer and songwriter. 
Kaczyno [kaˈt͡ʂɨnɔ] is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Kępice, within Słupsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) south-west of Kępice, 37 km (23 mi) south-west of Słupsk, and 123 km (76 mi) west of the regional capital Gdańsk.
Ugandan People's Defence Force Air Force, more commonly known as Ugandan Air Force, is the branch of the Uganda People's Defence Force that deals with the air warfare. It headquarters is located at Entebbe, Uganda. The current air force commander is Charles Lutaaya,[2] while Emmanuel Kwihangana serves as chief of air staff.[3]
The Castanheiras Pied Tamarin Wildlife Refuge (Portuguese: Refúgio da Vida Silvestre Sauim Castanheiras), formerly Castanheiras Pied Tamarin Ecological Reserve, is a wildlife refuge in the municipality of Manaus, Amazonas, Brazil.
It was created in 1982 to protect a colony of pied tamarins.
"Act Like You Don't" is a song written and recorded by American country music singer Brooke Eden for her second extended play, Welcome to the Weekend (2016). Inspired by a real-life breakup, Eden co-wrote the country pop ballad with Cary Barlowe and Jesse Frasure.[1] It was released to American country radio via Red Bow Records on February 13, 2017 as the EP's second single.[2]
Good Morning, Midnight is the debut novel of Lily Brooks-Dalton.[1] It was published in 2016 by Random House.[2]
Jeanne de Rham (née King; 1892 – December 24, 1965) was an American politician and philanthropist.

William Pymme (fl. mid 14th-century) was a landowner in Edmonton, now in London, a member of the Pymme family who had been granted land by Edward II in the 14th century.[1][2]
 Ali Rıza Pasin  (1890–1946) was a Turkish physician.
The Hiram Smith Hall and Annex is part of the University of Wisconsin-Madison College of Agricultural and Life Sciences.[2]
The Bahrain Human Rights Watch Society (Arabic: جمعية مراقبة حقوق الإنسان البحرينية) is a Bahraini human rights organization established in November 2004 which claims to protect housemaids, and to fight for women's rights.
Lazic War
Steven Marsh is a game designer who has worked for Steve Jackson Games.
The FIBA Americas Under-20 Women's Championship was the Americas basketball championship for women under 20 years that was played every four years. In the 2002 edition, the championship was played by under-21 teams. The Under-20 format became defunct after the 2006 edition.
Eitoku is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 101 kilometers.[1] Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Eitoku is named for the Japanese artist Kanō Eitoku, who lived from 1543 to 1590.[2]
Jim "Laz" Laslavic (/ˈlæzləvɪk/ LAz-lə-vik;[1] born October 24, 1951) is a former American Football linebacker who played ten seasons in the National Football League.[2] He is a retired sportscaster for KNSD in San Diego and a former radio announcer for KIOZ. He lives in Coronado, California with his wife, Susan. Together, they raised two kids, Hayley (born 1986) and James (born 1988). Laslavic is a member of Phi Gamma Delta fraternity.
Michael Levin Anderson (born March 23, 1966) is an American former professional basketball player for Drexel University, the NBA, Spain's professional Liga ACB, the Continental Basketball Association (CBA), the Greek Basket League and the Turkish Basketball Super League.
François Évanturel (October 22, 1821 – March 12, 1891) was a Quebec lawyer, journalist and political figure.
The Komediant is an Israeli documentary film of 2000, directed by Arnon Goldfinger and written by Oshra Schwartz. It focuses on the life and careers of the Burstein family of Yiddish theatre: Pesach Burstein, his wife Lillian Lux, his son Mike Burstyn and daughter Susan Burstein-Roth. Made in honor of the 100th birth anniversary of Pesach Burstein, it received the Israeli Academy's Best Documentary Award.
Sabadlu (Persian: سبدلو, also Romanized as Sabadlū; also known as Sabadly)[1] is a village in Shuy Rural District, in the Central District of Baneh County, Kurdistan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 896, in 209 families.[2] The village is populated by Kurds.[3]
Robert Prunty is an American football coach. He is the head football coach at Hampton University, a position he has held since the 2018 season.
Ten Cate is a Dutch toponymic surname originally meaning "at the house".[1]  It may refer to:
The Dreiländerspitze is one of the higher mountains in the Silvretta range in the eastern Alps, at 3,197 metres. The borders of Graubünden (Switzerland), Vorarlberg (Austria) and Tyrol (Austria) meet at the peak. Its name (Dreiländerspitze means peak of three countries) refers to a meeting point between the territories of three ancient tribes (Rhaeto-Romance or Romansch, Bavarii and Alamanni) and their languages. It is also on the watershed between the Rhine and Danube. It is a favourite viewpoint, due to its position and accessibility. Its first documented ascent was by the German alpinist Theodor Petersen, accompanied by two locals, on 14 July 1870, although it appeared to have been previously climbed by surveyors in the 1850s. The nearest settlements are Galtür, 14 km to the north, and Guarda, 9 km to the south.
A Class-5 telephone switch is a telephone exchange in the public switched telephone network (PSTN) that directly serves subscribers and manages subscriber calling features. Class-5 services include basic dial-tone, calling features, and additional digital and data services to subscribers connected to a local loop.
In physics, the Newtonian limit is a mathematical approximation applicable to physical systems exhibiting (1) weak gravitation, (2) objects moving slowly compared to the speed of light, and (3) slowly changing (or completely static) gravitational fields.[1]  Under these conditions, Newton's law of universal gravitation may be used to obtain values that are accurate. In general, and in the presence of significant gravitation, the general theory of relativity must be used.
The Edmond post office shooting was a mass shooting that occurred in Edmond, Oklahoma, on August 20, 1986. In less than fifteen minutes, 44 year-old postal worker Patrick Sherrill pursued and shot several coworkers, killing 14 and injuring another six, before committing suicide. It is currently the deadliest workplace shooting in U.S. history, as well as the deadliest shooting by a lone gunman in the state of Oklahoma. 
The 5 July 1962 Stadium (Arabic: ملعب 5 جويلية 1962), (the name refers to 5 July 1962, the day Algeria declared independence), is a football and athletics stadium located in Algiers, Algeria. The stadium was inaugurated in 1972 with a capacity of 95,000. It served as the main stadium of the 1975 Mediterranean Games, the 1978 All-Africa Games, the 2004 Pan Arab Games, and the 2007 All-Africa Games. The stadium was one of two venues of the 1990 African Cup of Nations (the other venue was the 19 May 1956 Stadium in Annaba). It hosted 9 matches of the tournament, including the final match, which had a second record attendance of 105,302 spectators. In the final match, the home team Algeria defeated Nigeria 1–0 to win the tournament. The record attendance is of 110,000 spectators in the friendly match between Algeria and Serbia on 3 March 2010.[1] It also hosted the 2000 African Championships in Athletics. After a formal compliance with current safety standards in 1999, the stadium was reduced to an 64,200 capacity, and following a new phase of renovation in 2003,.[2] The future capacity will be 80,000 with possible further renovations.[3]
Gebhard III (c. 1040 – 12 November 1110) was Bishop of Constance and defender of papal rights against imperial encroachments during the Investiture Controversy.
"Highway 40 Blues" is a song written by Larry Cordle, and recorded by American country music artist Ricky Skaggs.  It was released in March 1983 as the third single from the album Highways & Heartaches.  The song was Skaggs' fifth number one on the country chart and his fifth consecutive #1.  The single stayed at #1 for one week and spent a total of 12 weeks on the chart.[1]

51°29′59″N 0°7′27″W﻿ / ﻿51.49972°N 0.12417°W﻿ / 51.49972; -0.12417
Mark Ettinger is an American singer, songwriter, conductor, multi-instrumentalist, and juggler from New York City. From 1998 to 2016 he performed regularly as a member of the Flying Karamazov Brothers under the stage name Alexei Karamazov.[1][2]
Linné is a small lunar impact crater located in the western Mare Serenitatis. It was named after Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus.[1] The mare around this feature is virtually devoid of other features of interest. The nearest named crater is Banting to the east-southeast.
The estimated age of this copernican crater is only a few tens of millions of years. It was earlier believed to have a bowl shape, but data [2] from the LRO showed that it has a shape of a flattened, inverted cone. The crater is surrounded by a blanket of ejecta formed during the original impact. This ejecta has a relatively high albedo, making the feature appear bright.
The Sacramento Deep Water Ship Channel (also known as Sacramento River Deep Water Ship Channel or SRDWSC) is a canal from the Port of Sacramento in West Sacramento, California, to the Sacramento River, which flows into San Francisco Bay. It was completed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1963. The channel is about 30 feet (9.1 m) deep, 200 feet (61 m) wide, and 43 miles (69 km) long.
Edifier, officially Beijing Edifier Technology Company, Ltd., is a Chinese audio equipment manufacturer that primarily produces speakers, music systems, and headphones for personal and home entertainment.
Michael William Farrell (born July 14, 1938) is a former judge of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals, the highest court for the District of Columbia. He was appointed to the court in 1989, took senior status in 2008, and retired in 2019.
Qiemo Yudu Airport (IATA: IQM, ICAO: ZWCM) is an airport that serves Qiemo Town in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, China. Located roughly 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) northwest of the town, the airport has a 4,500-square-metre (48,000 sq ft) terminal and a runway that measures 2,800 metres (9,200 ft). It replaced another airport serving the town, which has a shorter runway, on 19 December 2016. China Southern Airlines offers flights to Ürümqi via Korla.
Khao Thong railway station is a railway station located in Khao Thong Subdistrict, Phayuha Khiri District, Nakhon Sawan. It is located 235.493 km from Bangkok railway station and is a class 3 railway station. It is on the Northern Line of the State Railway of Thailand. The station opened on 31 October 1905 as part of the Northern Line extension from Lop Buri to Pak Nam Pho.
Fathi Ali Abdel Rahman (born 16 April 1932) is an Egyptian boxer. He competed in the welterweight division at the 1952 Summer Olympics.[1]
The 1962 Miami Hurricanes football team represented the University of Miami as an independent during the 1962 NCAA University Division football season. Led by 15th-year head coach Andy Gustafson, the Hurricanes played their home games at the Miami Orange Bowl in Miami, Florida. Miami finished the season 7–4. The team's offense scored 189 points while the defense allowed 217 points. The Hurricanes competed in the final Gotham Bowl, held at Yankee Stadium. Just 6,166 people came to the game, in which the Nebraska defeated Miami, 36–34. It was the only college bowl game ever played at the stadium.
Meyrick is a surname and given name. Meyricke is a variant form. 
Mahallat Damana (Arabic: محله دمنه) is a city in the Dakahlia Governorate, Egypt. Its population was estimated at 31,000 people in 2020.[1]
Sausso Rural LLG is a local-level government (LLG) of East Sepik Province, Papua New Guinea.[1][2]
Franco Paonessa is a retired Italian-American professional soccer player who has played in the second and third American Soccer Leagues, United Soccer League, American Indoor Soccer Association and USISL.
DWRS (927 AM) Commando Radio is a radio station owned and operated by Solidnorth Broadcasting System. The station's studio and transmitter are located in SBS Bldg., Quirino Blvvd., Brgy. Tamag, Vigan.[1][2][3][4][5][6]
Yabba Dabba Doo! is a 1986 video game developed by British studio Taskset and published by Quicksilva for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 (C64), and ZX Spectrum.[1][2][3][4] It is based on the television series The Flintstones and is the first Flintstones video game.[5]
Normington may refer to:
Gerard Granollers and Pedro Martínez were the defending champions[1] but chose not to defend their title.
Consumer Banking
Corporate Banking
The two main official languages of Finland are Finnish and Swedish. There are also several official minority languages: three variants of Sami, as well as Romani, Finnish Sign Language and Karelian.
Ana Victoria Boccadoro Miguel (born December 8, 1983) is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and record producer. She is the daughter of Argentinian singers Amanda Miguel and Diego Verdaguer.[4] In 2012 she was nominated for a Latin Grammy while most of her success is in Mexico.[5][6]
Rachel T. Pinker is a professor of meteorology at the University of Maryland, College Park, where she has worked since 1976.[1]
Dawson Farm, also known as "Rocky Glen," is a historic property with two homes located at Rockville, Montgomery County, Maryland.  The property contains two dwellings: the 1874, 2+1⁄2-story, frame Dawson Farmhouse and a large 2+1⁄2-story hip-roofed frame house dating to 1912.[2]
Grassroots DICOM or GDCM (originally called GNU DiCoM; the name was changed at a request for integration in ITK, followed by a change in license), is a cross-platform library written in C++ for DICOM medical files. It is automatically wrapped to Python/C#/Java & PHP (using SWIG). It supports RAW, JPEG (lossy/lossless), J2K, JPEG-LS, RLE and deflated. It also comes with DICOM Part 3,6 & 7 of the standard as XML files. It can be used to build a JPIP or WADO server.
Kyzyl-Mayak (Russian: Кызыл-Маяк; Bashkir: Ҡыҙыл Маяк, Qıźıl Mayak) is a rural locality (a village) in Muraptalovsky Selsoviet, Kuyurgazinsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 40 as of 2010.[2] There is 1 street.
Alexandrovskiye Trade Rows (Russian: Александровские торговые ряды) in Taganrog is a piece of architecture of the 19th century. Their construction  took place in 1840s, the author of the project – architect M. Campinioni.[1]
Krishanti Kumaraswamy (Tamil: கிருஷாந்தி குமாரசுவாமி), also spelled Krishanthi Kumaraswamy, was a Tamil woman in Sri Lanka who was raped and murdered on 7 September 1996 by six Sri Lankan Army soldiers; the effort to bring her assailants to justice became a cause célèbre as a part of the protest against atrocities committed by the Sri Lankan Army during the Sri Lanka civil war.
William C. Calhoun (born November 4, 1927) is an American former professional basketball player.
Anna Leopoldine Theresia Elisabetha Nanette von Stadler von Pranck von Schaden (January 1763 -  January 1834) was an Austrian composer and pianist who was known for her improvisational skills but left only three written compositions for piano. She published and performed under the names Anna von Schaden and Nanette von Schaden.[1] [2]
The 1968 U.S. Women's Open was the 23rd U.S. Women's Open, held July 4–7 at Moselem Springs Golf Club in Fleetwood, Pennsylvania, northeast of Reading.

William Claude Kirby (7 February 1868 – 24 October 1935) was a British businessman, amateur sportsman and association football executive.
Other conflicts:
Robert Christie Jr. (March 10, 1824 Troy, Rensselaer County, New York – February 15, 1875) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.
Johann Christoph, Count of Hohenzollern-Haigerloch (1586 in Haigerloch – 1620 in Haigerloch) was the second Count of Hohenzollern-Haigerloch.
Emile Haynie (born July 13, 1980), often credited simply as Emile, is an American record producer. His range of production includes alternative rock, hip hop, indie and pop music. Haynie has worked with several prominent artists in the music industry including Kanye West, Kid Cudi, Eminem, Lana Del Rey, Bruno Mars, Linkin Park, FKA Twigs, Florence Welch and Camila Cabello, among others. Additionally, Haynie received two Grammy Awards for his work with English singer Adele, namely Album of the Year for the diamond certified 25 as well as Record of the Year for "Hello".[1]
Shoals High School is a high school in Shoals, Indiana, United States. Its athletic nickname is the "Jug Rox" and it participates in the Blue Chip Conference.
M.I.R.V. was a band based in the San Francisco, California, Bay Area. The band was founded in 1993. Its musical style includes elements of hard rock, heavy metal, funk, country, opera, experimental, electronica, and polka.
Caine Road Bridge is a covered bridge spanning the west branch of the Ashtabula River in Pierpont Township, Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. The bridge, built in honor of Ashtabula County's 175th anniversary, and one of currently 17 drivable bridges in the county, is a single span Pratt truss design.[1]  The bridge's WGCB number is 35-04-61,[2] and it is located approximately 13 mi (21 km) east-northeast of Jefferson.
Jebibong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 710 metres.[1]
Wierchomla Wielka [vʲɛrˈxɔmla ˈvʲɛlka] (Ukrainian: Верхомля Велика, Verkhomlia Velyka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Piwniczna-Zdrój, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland, close to the border with Slovakia. It lies approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) east of Piwniczna-Zdrój, 25 km (16 mi) south of Nowy Sącz, and 95 km (59 mi) south-east of the regional capital Kraków.[1]
Domingo Márquez was an Argentine actor. He starred in films like The Best Father in the World  (1941), Los martes, orquídeas (1941), Filomena Marturano (1950), and The Fire Girl (1952). He had a minor role in the acclaimed Silver Condor-winning 1943 film Juvenilia.[1]
The Sidney class consisted of two roll-on/roll-off ferries, Queen of Sidney and Queen of Tsawwassen, built for the British Columbia Ferry Corporation in service from 1960 to 2008. The design for the ships was based on the ferry MV Coho with changes made to accommodate loading of vehicles through the bow of the vessel. Both vessels serviced different routes throughout their service lives.
Abba is an Italian surname.[1] Notable people with the surname include:

The Tooheys New Cup, or TNC, was a rugby union competition established by the New South Wales Rugby Union (NSWRU) in 2002. Played in the second half of the rugby season after the Super 12 competition was completed, it was intended as a stepping stone between the existing grade rugby (see Shute Shield) and Super Rugby competitions. The Tooheys New Cup ran for five seasons before it ceased to exist, with the short-lived Australian Rugby Championship taking its place in the second half of the rugby season of 2007. From 2008 onwards, an extended Shute Shield covered the entire season.
Preston Hollow GoLink Zone (M-F)
Kashanbeh-ye Sofla (Persian: كاشنبه سفلي, also Romanized as Kāshanbeh-ye Soflá) is a village in Chaqa Narges Rural District, Mahidasht District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 203, in 40 families.[1]
The imperial election of 1790 was an imperial election held to select the emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.  It took place in Frankfurt on September 30.
No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam is a 2005 non-fiction book written by Iranian-American Muslim scholar Reza Aslan. The book describes the history of Islam and argues for a liberal interpretation of the religion. It blames Western imperialism and self-serving misinterpretations of Islamic law by past scholars for the current controversies within Islam,[1] challenging the "clash of civilizations" thesis.[2]
Batyr Bazarov (born 1976) is a Turkmenistani politician. He served as Minister of Finance and Economy from 2017 to 2020.[1]
Malaysian Bulk Carriers Berhad (MYX: 5077) was incorporated on 19 November 1988. In 1995, it became the vehicle for a collaboration between Kuok Group and Global Maritime Ventures Berhad, a marine venture capital investment company funded by the Malaysian Government through Bank Industri & Teknologi Malaysia Berhad.
The perrotine is a block-printing machine invented by Louis-Jérôme Perrot (1798 in Senlis – 1878 in Paris),[1] and practically speaking is the only successful mechanical device ever introduced for this purpose. For some reason or other it has rarely been used in England, but its value was almost immediately recognized on the Continent, and although block printing of all sorts has been replaced to such an enormous extent by roller printing, the perrotine is still largely employed in French, German, and Italian works.[2]
SMIL Timesheets is a style sheet language which is intended for use as an external timing stylesheet for the Synchronized Multimedia Integration Language (SMIL), and is meant to separate the timing and presentation from the content inside the markup of another language (for instance, an SMIL Timesheet can be used to time an SMIL-enabled slideshow).
Associazione Calcio Feralpi Lonato was an Italian football club located in Lonato del Garda, Lombardy, but played in Desenzano del Garda, Lombardy. Its colors were white and green.
Test preparation (abbreviated test prep) or exam preparation is an educational course, tutoring service, educational material, or a learning tool designed to increase students' performance on standardized tests. Examples of these tests include entrance examinations used for admissions to institutions of higher education, such as college (e.g. the SAT and ACT), business school (the GMAT), law school (the LSAT or LNAT), medical school (the MCAT), BMAT, UKCAT and GAMSAT and graduate school (the GRE) and qualifying examinations for admission to gifted education programs.[1]
Princess Taihe (太和公主, personal name unknown), later known as Princess Ding'an (定安公主) or Princess Anding (安定公主), was a princess of the Chinese Tang Dynasty and a Khatun (empress) of Huigu.  She was married to Huige's Chongde Khan as part of the Heqin system of marriages between Tang princesses and Huigu khans, but suffered through Huigu's subsequent collapse before being welcomed back to the Tang court.
New Brunswick is one of Canada's three provinces of the Maritimes, and the only officially bilingual province (French and English) in the country. The provincial Department of Finance estimates that the province's population in 2006 was 729,997 of which the majority is English-speaking but with a substantial French-speaking minority of mostly Acadian origin.[1]
Andrea Branzi (Italian: Andrea Branzi, born November 30, 1938) is a Florence-born Italian architect and designer. He currently lives and works in Milan and was a professor and chairman of the School of Interior Design at the Polytechnic University of Milan until 2009.
Henry Sanborn Noyes (December 24, 1822 – May 24, 1872) was a president of Northwestern University.
Shark: Mind of a Demon With Fabien Cousteau was a 2006 documentary/reality television special.  The film was the result of an attempt by Fabien Cousteau to study the great white shark in its natural surroundings using a submarine shaped like a shark called Troy.
1993 in Armenian football was the second season of independent football after the split-up from the Soviet Union. Professional football existed of two divisions, the Armenian Premier League (containing 16 teams) and the Armenian First League (2 groups of 14). Out of the 16 Premier League teams, three would relegate, while the two First League group winners along with the better runner-up would promote for the 1994 season.
Gmina Skępe is an urban-rural gmina (administrative district) in Lipno County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland. Its seat is the town of Skępe, which lies approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of Lipno and 53 km (33 mi) east of Toruń.
"Bittersweet" is the 42nd single released by Japanese boyband Arashi. "Bittersweet" was used as the theme song for the drama Shitsuren Chocolatier starring Arashi member Jun Matsumoto. The B-side "Road to Glory" was used as the theme song for Nippon TV's broadcast of the 2014 Winter Olympics. It was the 7th best-selling single of the year in Japan, with 591,847 copies.[1]
KENV-DT (channel 10) is a television station licensed to Elko, Nevada, United States, affiliated with the TBD network. Owned by Baltimore-based Cunningham Broadcasting, it is operated under a joint sales agreement by TBD owner Sinclair Broadcast Group (effectively making KENV an owned-and-operated station). KENV's studios are located on the campus of Great Basin College on Chilton Circle in Elko,[2][3] and its transmitter is located on Grindstone Mountain.[4][5]
Gastonia Municipal Airport (ICAO: KAKH, FAA LID: AKH) is a city-owned, public-use airport located four nautical miles (5 mi, 7 km) south of the central business district of Gastonia, a city in Gaston County, North Carolina, United States.[1] It is included in the National Plan of Integrated Airport Systems for 2011–2015, which categorized it as a general aviation facility.[2]
A sensor fish is a small, plastic tubular device containing sensors. It is designed to record information such as the physical stresses that a fish experiences while navigating currents from dam turbines.[1]
The Murus Terreus Carinarum is an obscure earthwork fortification of the ancient city of Rome known from a passage in the works of Varro.[1][2] The Murus Terreus may have been a part of Rome's earliest fortifications, often referred to as the Servian Wall. While the location of the Murus Terreus remains unknown and debated, it is thought likely that it belonged to the fortifications of the Oppian Hill, thus placing it between the Carinae and the Subura.[3] Pinza suggested that the works were located on the summit of the Oppian.[4]
Izhak Nash (Hebrew: יצחק נאש, Adyghe: Iицик наш— roughly, "'Itsik Nash"; born June 23, 1989) is a Circassian-Israeli football player.
Railroad House is a historic home located at Sanford, Lee County, North Carolina. It was built in 1872, and is a 1+1⁄2-story, three bay, board-and-batten, Gothic Revival style frame cottage.  The gable roof has wide overhanging eaves and "rafter brackets."  It has a one-story rear wing, a single central interior chimney in the main block, and an exterior end chimney at the rear of the wing. It was built by the Raleigh and Augusta Air Line Railroad for the depot agent. The house was moved to its present site in October 1962, across the street from its original location.  The building is operated by the Railroad House Historical Association as a museum.[2]
Inquisivi Municipality is the first municipal section of the Inquisivi Province in the  La Paz Department in Bolivia. Its seat is Inquisivi.
The Satsuki Shō (皐月賞) is a Japanese Grade 1 flat horse race in Japan for three-year-old thoroughbred colts and fillies run over a distance of 2,000 metres (approximately 1+1⁄4 mile) at the Nakayama Racecourse, Funabashi, Chiba, in April.
Scotland is a city in Bon Homme County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 785 at the 2020 census.[6]
Amram Mitzna (Hebrew: עמרם מצנע, born 20 February 1945) is an Israeli politician and former general in the IDF. He is a former mayor of Haifa (1993–2003) and Yeruham (2005–2010) and led the Labor Party from 2002 to 2003. In 2012 he joined Hatnuah.
Paulino Lopes Tavares (born 10 December 1984) is a Portuguese footballer who plays as a midfielder for FC Saint-Leu 95 in the Championnat National 3.

Rowan S. Taylor (1927–2005) was an American composer and conductor. Taylor composed over 250 symphonies in addition to his concertos, songs, chamber works, operas, choral works, and ballets. His works have been performed all over the world. Taylor received both his bachelor's and master's degrees from Brigham Young University. He studied at UCLA for three years before teaching at Pierce College where he taught for 39 years. He has been honored for his teaching and his works. In his personal life, Taylor was a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He married Priscilla Pulliam in 1957 and had nine children.
The 1978 Florida Gators football team represented the University of Florida during the 1978 NCAA Division I-A football season. The season was Doug Dickey's ninth and last year as the head coach of the Florida Gators football team.  The 1978 Florida Gators finished with a 4–7 overall record and a 3–3 Southeastern Conference (SEC) record, tying for fourth among ten SEC teams.[2]  After a disappointing 1977 season, Dickey had been under pressure to shake up his coaching staff, and he decided to abandon the run-oriented wishbone offense his teams had used for several seasons in favor of a more pro-style system.[3] Former Florida quarterback Steve Spurrier, who had lived in Gainesville since wrapping up his NFL career in 1976, was tapped by Dickey to be the Gators' quarterback coach, his first coaching job.[4]
Dakota is a unisex given name derived from the name of the indigenous Native American Dakota people, or from the name of two states in the United States, North Dakota and South Dakota, which are also derived from the Dakota people local to that area. The name is translated to mean "friend", "friendly" or "allies" in the Yankton-Yanktonai and Santee dialects of the Dakota language. [1][2]
The Western Mustangs women's ice hockey team represents the University of Western Ontario Western Mustangs and competes in the Ontario University Athletics conference, which participates nationally in the U Sports athletic program. The Mustangs play at Thompson Arena in London, Ontario.
The Democratic Party (Korean: 민주당; Hanja: 民主黨; RR: Minjudang; DP) was a political party in South Korea. Formerly founded as the Centrist United Democratic Party (Korean: 중도통합민주당; Hanja: 民主黨; RR: Jungdotonghabminjudang; CUDP) after the merger of the Democratic Party (2005),[1] it merged with the Grand Unified Democratic New Party in February 2008.
The Great Chrysanthemum Diamond  is a famous diamond measuring 104.15 carats (20.830 g) with a pear-shaped modified brilliant cut, rated in colour as Fancy Orange-Brown and I1 clarity by the Gemological Institute of America.  The Great Chrysanthemum is roughly the same size as the re-cut Kohinoor and almost three times the size of the Hope Diamond,[1][2] The Great Chrysanthemum has the dimensions of 39.10 x 24.98 x 16.00 mm. and features 67 facets on the crown, 57 facets on the pavilion and 65 vertical facets along the girdle.  The diamond, designed as a pendant, became the central focus of a necklace with 410 oval, pear-shaped, round and marquis diamonds.
"Satin Pillows" is a song written by Sonny James & Robert Tubert, which was released by Bobby Vinton in 1965.[1] The song spent 10 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, peaking at No. 23,[2] while reaching No. 3 on Canada's "RPM Play Sheet".[3]

Donald Cameron of Lochiel (22 October 1769 – 14 September 1832) was the 22nd Lochiel of Clan Cameron.

St Giles's Pound was a cattle pound at St Giles Circus in central London in the 17th and 18th centuries, at the intersection of the roads from Hampstead and from Oxford.[1] It became a point from which distances to London were measured.
The Pieve of San Pancrazio is a romanesque-style, Roman Catholic church in San Casciano in Val di Pesa in the Province of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany.
Buletin iNews is an Indonesian flagship news programme which broadcast on GTV, replacing Buletin Indonesia from 2012 to 2017.[1] The program broadcast for three to four hours each day through Buletin iNews Pagi (breakfast news), Buletin iNews Siang (lunchtime news), Buletin iNews Malam (late night news), Kilas iNews (headline news), and Breaking iNews (breaking news, different coverage with iNews).[2]
Gary Stroutsos (born July 19, 1954) is a flute player based in Seattle, Washington who plays a variety of genres of music. He has made his mark by tapping into the Native American canon, and has brought several forgotten songs to life. He plays a variety of different flutes from all around the world, and in unusual settings.

Alfred Henry Carroll (March 2, 1846[1] — June 9, 1924[2]) was a politician in Manitoba, Canada.  He served in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1903 to 1914, as a member of the Conservative Party.
Legislature
Esentepe is a village in the District of Çine, Aydın Province, Turkey. As of the 2010 Turkish Census, it had a population of 255 people.[1]
WHOIS (pronounced as the phrase "who is") is a query and response protocol that is used for querying databases that store an Internet resource's registered users or assignees. These resources include domain names, IP address blocks and autonomous systems, but it is also used for a wider range of other information. The protocol stores and delivers database content in a human-readable format.[1] The current iteration of the WHOIS protocol was drafted by the Internet Society, and is documented in RFC 3912.

The 1976 Atlantic Coast Conference men's basketball tournament was held in the Washington, D.C. suburb of Landover, Maryland, at the Capital Centre from March 4–6. Virginia defeated North Carolina, 67–62, to win the championship. In doing so, Virginia became the first ACC Tournament champion to defeat three teams ranked by the AP poll on their way to the championship.
Walmu was a king of Wilusa in the late 13th century BC. He is known from the Milawata letter, which reports that he had been deposed and discusses the Hittites' intent to reinstall him. The letter does not specify how Walmu was deposed or who was responsible.[1][2][3]
Aartsen or van Aartsen is a Dutch surname.[1] People with this surname include:
Grace Ellliston (1878[1][2][3][4] or 1881[5][6][7] – December 14, 1950)[8] was an American theatre actress.[9]
Statistics of the Scottish Football League in season 2001–02.
Catholicism and Deism are two theologies that have opposed each other in matters of the role of God in the world. Deism is the philosophical belief which posits that although God exists as the uncaused First Cause, responsible for the creation of the universe, God does not interact directly with that subsequently created world. As deism is not organized, its adherents differ widely in important matters of belief, but all are in agreement in denying the significance of revelation in Christian Scripture and Tradition. Deists argue against Catholicism by either, only considering Scripture to be a helpful moral tool, or denying: its divine character, the infallibility of the Church and Traditions, and the validity of its evidence as a complete manifestation of the will of God. Deism is first considered to have manifested itself in England towards the latter end of the seventeenth century.[1]
Beaver Creek Swamp is the name of a tupelo gum swamp located ten miles northeast of Decatur, Alabama in Limestone County, Alabama.  While this type of swamp is usually located in the coastal plain, Beaver Creek Swamp is an exception; it is located in the Interior Low Plateaus region. It is part of the Wheeler National Wildlife Refuge. Star Study Academy helped build this Creek.[1] It has a short hiking trail and boardwalk. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in May 1974.[2]
Bradbeer is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
Silver Screen Cinemas was a multiplex cinema operator in Poland. It opened its first theater in Warsaw in 2000.
Ruan Jingsong (阮靖淞; born 26 March 1997) is a Chinese swimmer.[1]
Thomas Townley Macan (born 14 November 1946) was Governor and Commander-in-Chief  of the British Virgin Islands, an overseas territory of the United Kingdom in the Caribbean Sea, from 14 October 2004 to 10 April 2006. He was educated at Shrewsbury School and the University of Sussex.[2][3]
The Friedman test is a non-parametric statistical test developed by Milton Friedman.[1][2][3] Similar to the parametric repeated measures ANOVA, it is used to detect differences in treatments across multiple test attempts. The procedure involves ranking each row (or block) together, then considering the values of ranks by columns. Applicable to complete block designs, it is thus a special case of the Durbin test.
"Jag borde förstås vetat bättre" ("I should of course have known better") is a single by Swedish pop group Gyllene Tider. Written by the band's lead singer Per Gessle, it was released on February 2, 2005, as the third and final single from Finn 5 fel!, which was the best selling album in Sweden during 2004.[1] The song peaked at number 23 on the Swedish singles chart, becoming the fourteenth single by the band to chart in their home country[2] and became a new entry at number ten on the Svensktoppen (Sveriges Radio chart)[3] before peaking at number seven a week later.[4] The release of the single also saw the album re-enter the charts.[5]
Slimane Dazi (born 26 May 1960) is a French actor.
John Francis Cunningham (June 20, 1842 – June 23, 1919) was an Irish-born prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Bishop of Concordia from 1898 until his death in 1919.

Thomas A. Hockin, PC (born March 5, 1938) is a Canadian academic, businessman and former politician.
Erwin Nathanson (February 17, 1928 – April 5, 2016) was an American author who wrote the novel The Dirty Dozen (1965), which was adapted into the 1967 film of the same name.[1][2]
Garbowo [ɡarˈbɔvɔ] (German: Richtershof) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wierzchowo, within Drawsko County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.[1]
"Kali Yuga" is the third and final single of Echobelly's fourth album People Are Expensive.[1] It reached 175 in the UK Singles Chart.
The Epistle to Yemen or Yemen Letter (Hebrew: אגרת תימן, romanized: Iggeret Teiman, Arabic: الرسالة اليمنية) was an important communication written by Maimonides and sent to the Yemenite Jews. The epistle was written in 1173/4.[1]
Perfecting Loneliness is the third and final studio album by American rock band Jets to Brazil. Vocalist/guitarist Blake Schwarzenbach spent six weeks at his mother's farm in Nova Scotia, Canada, where he worked on new material. In early 2002, the group recorded their next album with J. Robbins. The band went on a pre-release US tour in June and July, leading up to the release of Perfecting Loneliness on October 15 through independent label Jade Tree. The group had planned to promote it with a tour, however, due to an illness, the tour was delayed until mid-2003. By this point, a music video had been filmed for "Cat Heaven" and drummer Chris Daly was replaced by Matt Torrey.
Lenina Bayrah ('Lenin's Banner'), a Dargin language newspaper in Dagestan ASSR, Soviet Union. It was published in Makhachkala three times a week. The first issue of the newspaper was published on July 1, 1921. Then its name was Dagestanna muhtariyat ('Dagestani Autonomy'). The newspaper had several different names at different times. In February 1961 the name Lenina Bayrah was adopted. In 1971 the newspaper was awarded the Badge of Honour. In 1973 it had a circulation of 23 200 copies.[1]
The PFL 1 mixed martial arts event for the 2021 season of the Professional Fighters League was held on April 23, 2021. This was the first regular season event of the tournament and included fights in the Featherweight and Lightweight divisions.[2]
Ronnie Henderson (born March 29, 1974) is an American former professional basketball player.[1] He was a 6 ft 4 in (1.93 m) shooting guard.
Kazuhiro Murata (村田 一弘, Murata Kazuhiro, born May 12, 1969) is a former Japanese football player.
The women's slalom competition of the Water skiing events at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto were held from July 20 to July 23 at the Ontario Place West Channel.[1] The defending champion was Regina Jaquess of the United States.
The 1979 AIAW (Association for Intercollegiate Athletics for Women) National Large College Basketball Championship was held on March 16–25, 1979. Sixteen teams were invited, and Old Dominion University was crowned national champion at the conclusion of the tournament.[1][2][3][4]
Independent Socialists of Extremadura (Spanish: Socialistas Independientes de Extremadura, SIEx) was a centre-left regionalist political party in the Spanish Autonomous Community of Extremadura.[5]
Raoul Bott (September 24, 1923 – December 20, 2005)[1] was a Hungarian-American mathematician known for numerous foundational contributions to geometry in its broad sense. He is best known for his Bott periodicity theorem, the Morse–Bott functions which he used in this context, and the Borel–Bott–Weil theorem.
The Monument to the Fallen and Murdered in the East is a monument in Warsaw, Poland which commemorates the victims of the Soviet invasion of Poland during World War II and subsequent repressions. It was unveiled on 17 September 1995, on the 56th anniversary of the Soviet invasion of 1939.
Terms used to describe homosexuality have gone through many changes since the emergence of the first terms in the mid-19th century.  In English, some terms in widespread use have been sodomite, Achillean, Sapphic, Uranian, homophile, lesbian, gay, effeminate, queer, homoaffective, and same-gender attracted. Some of these words are specific to women, some to men, and some can be used of either. Gay people may also be identified under the umbrella terms LGBT.
The 2013 EuroHockey Club Champions Cup was the 41st edition of the premier European competition for women's field hockey clubs. The preliminary round of the competition was held in Hamburg, Germany from 29 March–1 April, while the final of the competition was held in Bloemendaal, Netherlands on 19 May.[1]
Madhubhashini Disanayaka Ratnayaka is a Sri Lankan academic and author. Her novel There is Something I Have to Tell You won the Gratiaen Prize in 2011.[1] She is the Head of English Language at the University of Sri Jayewardenepura.[2]
The 2023 WNBA All-Star Game will be an exhibition basketball game that will be played on July 15, 2023, at Michelob Ultra Arena. The Las Vegas Aces hosted the game and related events for the third time - the previous games being in 2019 and 2021.[1]
The Ministry of State Farms (Russian: Министерство совхозов СССР) was a government ministry in the Soviet Union.
Rainbow storage is a developing paper-based data storage technique first demonstrated by Indian student Sainul Abideen in November 2006.[1] Abideen received his MCA from  MES Engineering College Kuttipuram in Kerala's Malappuram District .
The Treaty of Chicago may refer to either of two treaties made and signed in the settlement that became Chicago, Illinois between the United States and the Odaawaa (anglicized Ottawa), Ojibwe (anglicized Chippewa), and Bodéwadmi (anglicized Potawatomi) (collectively, Council of Three Fires) Native American peoples.  The first was in 1821 and the second in 1833.
The CBU-24 (Cluster Bomb Unit-24) is an unguided, aircraft delivered anti-personnel and anti-materiel weapon developed by the United States. Because it is an unguided weapon, the CBU-24 can be carried and dropped by any aircraft capable of carrying standard "dumb" or "iron" bombs.
Francinne (born 22 December 1993[3]), whose birth name is Francine de Almeida Porto, is a Brazilian singer, known for the hits "Tum Tum" partner with Wanessa Camargo and "Segue o Baile" with Clau.[4]
The Arkansas State Red Wolves football team represents Arkansas State University in National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS) college football competition. The team was founded in 1911 and has competed as a member of the Sun Belt Conference since 2001. Their home field is Centennial Bank Stadium and the head coach is Butch Jones.
How to Marry a Millionaire is a 1953 American screwball comedy film directed by Jean Negulesco and written and produced by Nunnally Johnson. The screenplay was based on the plays The Greeks Had a Word for It (1930) by Zoe Akins and Loco (1946) by Dale Eunson and Katherine Albert.
Ann W. Nally was a noted leader and author in the Boy Scouts of America from the state of Virginia.
Nargesabad (Persian: نرگس اباد, also Romanized as Nargesābād; also known as Nargesī, Narges Zār, and Narjesī)[1] is a village in Jereh Rural District, Jereh and Baladeh District, Kazerun County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 193, in 42 families.[2]

Tornod  is a village in Dhar district, Madhya Pradesh, India. Tornod is situated near State Highway 31.
WOCN-FM (104.7 FM, "Ocean 104.7") is a soft adult contemporary radio station licensed to Orleans, Massachusetts. The station is licensed to Sandab Communications (doing business as Cape Cod Broadcasting) and operated locally.  WOCN-FM is a sister station to WQRC, WFCC-FM, and WKPE-FM.
Elizabeth "Bess" Hughes Abell (née Clements; June 2, 1933 – October 9, 2020) was an American presidential aide. She was the White House social secretary in the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. She later worked in public relations and then as executive assistant to Second Lady of the United States Joan Mondale.
Naz Durakoğlu is a Turkish-American foreign policy and national security advisor who is the assistant secretary of state for legislative affairs.
Makhtesh Ramon (Hebrew: מכתש רמון; lit. Ramon Crater/Makhtesh ; Arabic: وادي الرمان; lit. The Ruman Wadi) is a geological feature of Israel's Negev desert. Located some 85 km south of the city of Beersheba, the landform is the world's largest "erosion cirque" (steephead valley or box canyon). The formation is 40 km long, 2–10 km wide and 500 meters deep, and is shaped like an elongated heart. Despite its appearance it is not an impact crater from a meteor nor a volcanic crater formed by a volcanic eruption. 
The Asashio-class destroyers (朝潮型駆逐艦, Asashio-gata kuchikukan) were a class of ten destroyers of the Imperial Japanese Navy in service before and during World War II.[1] The overall layout of the class proved successful in service and created a powerful ship that served as the basis for the design of the following two classes of destroyers.[2]
The Society for Computation in Psychology (SCiP, formerly Society for Computers in Psychology) is a scholarly society founded in 1971 with the purpose of the increasing and diffusing knowledge of the use of computers in psychological research.
Juan Benavides Hermosilla (born June 25, 1975 in Madrid) is a former freestyle swimmer from Spain, who competed at two consecutive Summer Olympics for his native country, starting in 1996. There he finished in 30th and 33rd position in the 50m and 100m Freestyle.
Strover Peak (69°43′S 74°7′E﻿ / ﻿69.717°S 74.117°E﻿ / -69.717; 74.117) is a low rock peak along the coast of Antarctica, standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) west-northwest of Mount Caroline Mikkelsen. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition, 1936–37, and named "Svartmulen" (the black snout). Renamed by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for W.G.H. Strover, radio supervisor at Davis Station in 1963 and a member of the ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) party that surveyed this feature. Acceptance of Strover Peak curtails the repetitive use of "Svart" (black) in Antarctic names.
Mitchell Ivey (born February 2, 1949) is a former American international swimmer who was a backstroke specialist and Olympic medalist. Ivey later became a prominent Olympic and college swimming coach.
"The Guy for This" is the third episode of the fifth season of the AMC television series Better Call Saul, a spin-off series of Breaking Bad. The episode aired on March 2, 2020, on AMC in the United States. Outside of the United States, the episode premiered on the streaming service Netflix in several countries.
Pilate and Others (German: Pilatus und andere - Ein Film für Karfreitag) is a 1972 German drama film directed by Andrzej Wajda, based on the 1967 novel The Master and Margarita by the Soviet writer Mikhail Bulgakov, although it focuses on the parts of the novel set in biblical Jerusalem.
Isidora Goreshter (born October 24, 1981) is an American actress. She is best known for portraying Svetlana on the U.S. TV series Shameless from seasons 3 to 11.
Madonna and Child with Four Doctors of the Church is a 1540-1545 oil on canvas painting by Moretto da Brescia, now in the Städelsches Kunstinstitut in Frankfurt. From left to right it shows Saint Ambrose (standing, looking at the Madonna), Gregory the Great, Saint Jerome (both sitting) and Augustine of Hippo (standing, looking to the right).
The Sharjah Museums Authority (SMA), formerly named Sharjah Museums Department (SMD), is a government agency in Sharjah, United Arab Emirates.[1][2]
Nygmetjan Qabataiuly Esengarin (Kazakh: Нығметжан Қабатайұлы Есенғарин, Nyğmetjan Qabataiūly Esenğarin; born 21 September 1941) is a Kazakh politician.

Milton Keynes City Council is the local authority for the City of Milton Keynes, a unitary authority in Buckinghamshire, England. Until 1 April 1997 it was a non-metropolitan district.
Buckman is a neighborhood in the Southeast section (and a small portion of the Northeast section) of Portland, Oregon.  The neighborhood is bounded by the Willamette River on the west, E Burnside St. on the north (except for a triangle between NE 12th Ave. and NE 14th Ave. in which NE Sandy Blvd. forms the northern border), SE 28th Ave. on the east, and SE Hawthorne Blvd. on the south.
Alexander Odyssey (French: Alexandre le fou) is a Canadian documentary film, directed by Pedro Pires and released in 2019.[1] The film centres on Alexandre Demard, a man who is at a new crossroads in his life 15 years after first experiencing a mental breakdown which led to his being diagnosed with schizophrenia.[2]
A square mil is a unit of area, equal to the area of a square with sides of length one mil. A mil is one thousandth of an international inch. This unit of area is usually used in specifying the area of the cross section of a wire or cable.


The Commission on Parliamentary Reform was an independent group, established in October 2016 by Ken Macintosh, the Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament. It is chaired by John McCormick and published its report, with recommendations, on 20 June 2017.
The 2015 Rugby Europe Women's Sevens – Division A was the second level of international women's rugby sevens competitions organised by Rugby Europe for 2015. The competition featured just one tournament, played at the Darius and Girėnas Stadium. Belgium won the tournament, and along with runner-up Finland, were promoted to the 2016 Grand Prix series. Georgia and Lithuania were relegated to the 2016 Conferences.


This article features the results of the national football team of the Irish Free State between 1924 and 1935. The team, now the Republic of Ireland national football team, was selected by the Football Association of Ireland.
Pakistan-China Friendship Centre (Urdu: پاکستان چین دوستی مرکز) is an art, conference and exhibition centre in Islamabad, Pakistan.[1] It is developed with the help of China–Pakistan relations. Its construction was started in April 2005 when the Premier of the State Council of the People's Republic of China Wen Jiabao visited Pakistan.[2] It was inaugurated on December 18, 2010 by the Pakistani Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani and Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao.[3] Currently it is running by the Ministry of Culture.[3]
Alt-Wiedikon is a quarter in the district 3 of Zürich.
The Special Operations Forces (Ukrainian: Си́ли спеціа́льних опера́цій Збро́йних сил Украї́ни, abbreviated ССО, SSO) are the special forces of Ukraine and one of the five branches of the Armed Forces of Ukraine, with headquarters in Kyiv.
The Treaty of the Wabash was an agreement between the United States government and Native American Miami tribes in Indiana on November 28, 1840.
The Warriston Park LTC Tournament[1] was tennis tournament played on both clay courts and grass courts. This annual tournament was established by the Warriston Park Lawn Tennis Club, Edinburgh, Lothian, Scotland in 1886.[2] The event was staged through to 1908.[3]
China is a 1943 film directed by John Farrow and starring Loretta Young, Alan Ladd and William Bendix.[4] Ladd's character David Llewellyn Jones, wearing a fedora, a leather jacket, khakis and a beard stubble, was an inspiration for Indiana Jones.[5] Aside from Tala Birell as one of Jones' paramours at the beginning of the film, the entire supporting cast is Asian, including Philip Ahn and Richard Loo.
Heat Wave is the second studio album released by American Motown girl group Martha and the Vandellas. Released in 1963 on Motown's Gordy imprint, intended to capitalize on the success of the title track, which rose to number four on the pop singles chart and number one on the R&B singles chart. The album was produced by Holland–Dozier–Holland (who composed the group's first five hit singles) and William "Mickey" Stevenson. This was the last album to feature original Vandella Annette Beard.
Type I cytokine receptors are transmembrane receptors expressed on the surface of cells that recognize and respond to cytokines with four α-helical strands.  These receptors are also known under the name hemopoietin receptors, and share a common amino acid motif (WSXWS) in the extracellular portion adjacent to the cell membrane.  Members of the type I cytokine receptor family comprise different chains, some of which are involved in ligand/cytokine interaction and others that are involved in signal transduction.

Sarah Erulkar (2 May 1923 – 29 May 2015) was a prolific and multi-award-winning Indian-born Jewish British filmmaker, specialising in sponsored documentary shorts.[1]
Shakirovka (Russian: Шакировка; Bashkir: Шакир, Şakir) is a rural locality (a village) and the administrative center of Krasnokurtovsky Selsoviet, Arkhangelsky District, Bashkortostan, Russia. The population was 126 as of 2010.[2] There are 3  streets.
Tassilo II (died c. 719) was a ruler in southern Germany.
Blanket Privacy (ブランケット・プライバシー, Buranketto Puraibashī) is the sixth compilation album by Japanese entertainer Miho Nakayama. Released through King Records on November 26, 1993, the album includes seven re-recordings of Nakayama's ballads, two new singles, and three cover songs. The initial release of the album featured a holographic image of gemstones swirling around Nakayama.[1][2]
Big Brother Brasil 8 was the eighth season of Big Brother Brasil which premiered January 8, 2008 with the season finale airing March 25, 2008 on the Rede Globo television network.
William W. Park (born July 2, 1947) is Professor of Law at Boston University School of Law.[1]  His practice and teaching focus on international financial and commercial transactions.  He has served as Arbitrator on the Claims Resolution Tribunal for Dormant Accounts in Switzerland and the Appeals Tribunal of the International Commission on Holocaust Era Insurance Claims, and currently sits on the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) Chapter 14 Financial Services Roster.[2]
Joel Levi (August 25, 1938, in Kfar Sirkin, League of Nations Mandate for Palestine – June 15, 2014, in Ramat Gan) was an Israeli lawyer.
WEMJ (1490 AM) is a radio station broadcasting a news/talk format. Licensed to Laconia, New Hampshire, United States, the station is owned by Binnie Media and licensed to WBIN Media Co., Inc. WEMJ features programming from ABC News Radio.[3] WEMJ is known on-air as 107.3 WEMJ (after its translator frequency). It is part of the "Pulse of NH" trimulcast with 107.7 WTPL in the Manchester area and 98.1 WTSN in the Seacoast Region.
Tigranes I of Armenia (Armenian: Տիգրան Ա, Ancient Greek: Τιγράνης) was an Artaxiad king of Armenia at the end of 2nd and the beginning of 1st century BC. Few records have survived about his and his predecessor Artavasdes I's reign, which has led to some confusion.[1] Some modern scholars have doubted that such a king reigned at all.[2][3] Other historians, such as Manandian, Lang and Adalian consider him a real figure but differ or are uncertain on the exact dates of his reign.[4][5][6][7][8][9][10] Although it has been proposed that Tigranes I reigned from 123 BC to 96 BC,[9][11] this view has been criticized.[3] Another suggestion is that Tigranes I ruled in 120 BC - 95 BC and this has been recently corroborated by historian Christian Marek.[5][12]
Hachisuka Tsunamichi (蜂須賀 綱通) (March 13, 1656 – September 15, 1678) was a Japanese daimyō of the Edo period, who ruled the Tokushima Domain. His court title was Awa no kami.
The Rösterkopf in the Osburger Hochwald (Hunsrück in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany) is a mountain with a height of 708 m.
Nona Freeman (July 25, 1916 – December 26, 2009), was an American Oneness Pentecostal preacher; columnist, evangelist, author and missionary to Africa.[1][2]
The qa'a (Arabic: قاعة, romanized: qāʿa) is a roofed reception room found in the domestic architecture of affluent residences of the Islamic world. It is the most common hall type in the medieval Islamic domestic architecture. The plan of a qa'a may be inspired by the four-iwan plan (cruciform) of religious buildings. They were used to welcome male guests, where they would sit on the raised platform.
"アンダンテ (ANDANTE)" is a song by Hitomi Yaida, released as her seventh Japanese single, and the second from the album i/flancy.
A limited edition version was released also, including a different coloured case and a CD-Extra track which could be used to access a special website to book tickets to an Hitomi Yaida performance.
Marie of Brandenburg-Kulmbach (14 October 1519 – 31 October 1567) was a Princess of Brandenburg-Kulmbach and by marriage Electress Palatine.
Elsa Patricia Araujo de la Torre (born 30 January 1960) is a Mexican politician affiliated with the PRI. As of 2013 she served as Deputy of the LXII Legislature of the Mexican Congress representing Tamaulipas.[1]
Qanbar Mahalleh (Persian: قنبرمحله, also Romanized as Qanbar Maḩalleh)[1] is a village in Saheli-ye Jokandan Rural District, in the Central District of Talesh County, Gilan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 867, in 196 families.[2]
Bécédi-Brignan (also spelled Bécédi-Mbrignan)  is a town in south-eastern Ivory Coast. It is a sub-prefecture of Adzopé Department in La Mé Region, Lagunes District.
Aaron Lane Cook (born February 8, 1979) is an American former professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Colorado Rockies and Boston Red Sox.
B-type asteroids are a relatively uncommon type of carbonaceous asteroid, falling into the wider C-group; the 'B' indicates these objects are spectrally blue.[1] In the asteroid population, B-class objects can be found in the outer asteroid belt, and also dominate the high-inclination Pallas family which includes the third-largest asteroid 2 Pallas. They are thought to be primitive, volatile-rich remnants from the early Solar System. There are 65 known B-type asteroids in the SMASS classification,[2] and 9 in the Tholen classification as of March 2015.
Meningoencephalitis (/mɪˌnɪŋɡoʊɛnˌsɛfəˈlaɪtɪs, -ˌnɪndʒoʊ-, -ən-, -ˌkɛ-/;[3][4] from Ancient Greek: μῆνιγξ, romanized: meninx, lit. 'membrane'; Ancient Greek: ἐγκέφαλος, romanized: enképhalos, lit. 'brain'; and the medical suffix -itis, "inflammation"), also known as herpes meningoencephalitis, is a medical condition that simultaneously resembles both meningitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the meninges, and encephalitis, which is an infection or inflammation of the brain tissue.
Dr. Sanders T. Frank M.D. (May 11, 1938 – September 14, 1997) was an American pulmonologist known for describing Frank's sign.[1] He was born in Middletown, Connecticut and qualified from New York Medical College. He worked as director of respiratory medicine and associate clinical professor of medicine at the Garfield Medical Center, Monterey Park, California.[2]


The 2014 Giro d'Italia was the 97th edition of the Giro d'Italia, one of cycling's Grand Tours. The Giro d'Italia featured 198 riders competing from 22 cycling teams, and was held from 9 May to 1 June 2014.[1]
The Minister for Youth Policies (Italian: Ministro per le Politiche Giovanili) is one of the positions in the Cabinet of Italy.
Mahmoud Fotouhi Firouzabad (born 1959) is the former president of Sharif University of Technology, serving from 28 August 2014 to 18 October 2021 . Fotouhi Firouzabad earned his BSc in electrical engineering with honours from Sharif University of Technology. He was subsequently admitted into the graduate program of the University of Tehran where he received an MSc.

John Sydenham (25 September 1807– 1 December 1846)[1] was an English antiquary. In 1829 he became editor of the Dorset County Chronicle. In 1840 Sydenham left the Dorset Chronicle and became editor of The West Kent Guardian, a Greenwich paper. In January 1846 he returned to Poole and started The Poole and Dorsetshire Herald, of which he was editor and part-proprietor. He was one of the early members of the British Archæological Association.
Richard Silverwood (born 1976,[2] in Dewsbury,[3] England) is a retired international rugby league referee.[3] He officiated in the Super League competition as one of the Rugby Football League's Full Time Match Officials until his retirement whilst suspended in July 2016.[2][4]
48°55′17″N 11°40′56″E﻿ / ﻿48.92129°N 11.68219°E﻿ / 48.92129; 11.68219
Schloss Hexenagger is a Bavarian castle located in the district of Hexenagger located near the town of Altmannstein in the Altmühl Valley Nature Park (Naturpark Altmühltal). The castle probably was first built in the tenth century, as it is first mentioned in a record from the Monastery of St. Emmeram of Regensburg in 982.[1] Originally, the Bavarian noble family of Muggenthaler resided in the castle. The castle was destroyed during the Thirty Years' War and rebuilt in the Baroque style. Since the extinction of the Hexenagger Muggerthaler family line, the castle has passed through several owners. One of the most notable owners was Elector Karl Albrecht, later Holy Roman Emperor Charles VII, who purchased the castle in 1724 as a gift for his mistress, Countess Maria Josepha von Morawitzky.[2]
Viper is an unincorporated community in Perry County, Kentucky, United States. The community was so named on account of viper snakes near the original town site.[2]
 Mainghein  is a village in Bhamo Township in Bhamo District in the Kachin State of north-eastern Burma.[1]
The Uniform Fiduciary Income and Principal Act (UFIPA) is one of the uniform acts that have been proposed in an attempt to harmonize the law in all fifty U.S. states.[1] UFIPA was finalized and adopted by the Uniform Law Commission (ULC) in 2018.[2]
The Vision Interfaith Satellite Network (VISN) was an American religious cable and satellite television network that was owned by the interfaith group National Interfaith Cable Coalition, in cooperation with cable operators.[2] The channel became known as the "PBS of religion" for the inclusive nature of its programming,[3] which was designed to "place its accent on dialogue rather than apologies."[4]
58°59′03″N 18°11′01″E﻿ / ﻿58.98429°N 18.18369°E﻿ / 58.98429; 18.18369
Antioch College/West (later part of Antioch University West - San Francisco) (AUW) was located in San Francisco, California. Meetings among staff and students at Antioch College in Yellow Springs, OH began in about 1971 discussing the idea of a University Without Walls program in SF to be known as Antioch College/West. Antioch College/West was the precursor to programs that later included many campuses formed by Antioch University in San Francisco, California. It was one of many campuses formed by Antioch University, a national university, which had its genesis with Antioch College in Yellow Springs, Ohio in 1852. The San Francisco campus closed in July, 1989. The current campuses include Antioch University New England (Keene NH), Antioch University Midwest, (Yellow Springs, OH), Antioch University Los Angeles, Antioch University Santa Barbara and Antioch University Seattle. Antioch College was closed financial reasons effective June 30, 2008.  On September 4, 2009, the college's assets were transferred to an independent corporation known as Antioch College Continuation Corporation (ACCC).  ACCC reopened the college as an independent institution in the fall of 2011. It operates under the name "Antioch College" by virtue of a license from Antioch University.
William Graham Sumner (October 30, 1840 – April 12, 1910) was an American clergyman, social scientist, and classical liberal. He taught social sciences at Yale University—where he held the nation's first professorship in sociology—and became one of the most influential teachers at any other major school.

Atlético Sport Aviação is an Angolan football (soccer) club based in Luanda, Angola and plays at Estádio da Cidadela.  The club was established in 1953.
Summary Execution under the Moorish Kings of Granada  (French: Exécution sans jugement sous les rois maures de Grenade) is an oil on canvas painting by Henri Regnault. Completed in 1870, it was acquired by the state from Regnault’s heirs for display at the Musée du Luxembourg. It is currently in the collection of the Musée d'Orsay.[1] A study for the figure of the executioner is also in the collections of the British Museum.[2]
Georgetown is an unincorporated community in Springfield Township, Allen County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.[2]
Srđevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Срђевац) is a village in the municipality of Bijelo Polje, Montenegro.
Masaru Watanabe (渡辺 勝, Watanabe Masaru, born October 14, 1993 in Kōnan-ku, Yokohama, Kanagawa), Japan is a professional Japanese baseball outfielder. He last played for the Chunichi Dragons.
American Legacy is a quarterly magazine that covers the subjects of African-American history and culture.[1] The magazine is headquartered in Mount Vernon, New York and was founded in 1995 by Rodney J. Reynolds as a joint venture with Forbes Inc.[2][3] The first issue was released in 1996.[2] The magazine is published by RJR Communications, Inc.[4] which became the full owner of the magazine in January 2009.[3]
The National Inventor's Hall of Fame STEM High School is a public high school in the Akron Public School District that serves the city of Akron, Ohio since its creation in 2012. Their school colors are turquoise and chrome. Its predecessor was Central-Hower High School which served the city of Akron from 1970 until its closure at the end of the 2005-06 school year.
Söhrewald is a municipality in the district of Kassel, in Hesse, Germany. It is located 13 kilometers southeast of Kassel. The municipality was formed by the former independent municipalities Eiterhagen, Wattenbach and Wellerode in 1970.
Connect6 (Chinese: 六子棋; Pinyin: liùzǐqí; Chinese: 連六棋;Japanese: 六目並べ; Korean: 육목) introduced in 2003 by Professor I-Chen Wu at Department of Computer Science and Information Engineering, National Chiao Tung University in Taiwan, is a two-player strategy game similar to Gomoku.[1]
The 1990 NCAA Division I Tennis Championships refer to one of two NCAA-sponsored events held during June 1990 to determine the national champions of men's and women's collegiate tennis in the United States:
The 2018 Sugar Bowl was a College Football Playoff semifinal bowl game that was played on January 1, 2018 at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans. The 84th Sugar Bowl game, it matched two of the top four teams selected by the Selection Committee-Alabama from the SEC and Clemson from the ACC to compete to face the winner of the Rose Bowl (Georgia) in the 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship played on January 8, 2018, at Mercedes-Benz Stadium in Atlanta, Georgia. It was one of the 2017–18 bowl games that concluded the 2017 FBS football season.  Sponsored by the Allstate insurance company, the game is officially known as the Allstate Sugar Bowl.
Agostino Valier (7 April 1531 – 24 May 1606), also Augustinus Valerius or Valerio, was an Italian cardinal and bishop of Verona. He was a reforming bishop, putting into effect the decisions of the Council of Trent by means of administrative and disciplinary measures.[1] He was one of the Christian humanist followers of Filippo Neri.[2]
Korenshchina (Russian: Коренщина) is a rural locality (a khutor) in Sergeyevskoye Rural Settlement, Podgorensky District, Voronezh Oblast, Russia. The population was 93 as of 2010.[2]
The National Network of Informal Workers in the Philippines (PATAMABA, Pambansang Kalipunan ng mga Manggagawang Impormal sa Pilipinas) is a trade union of informal workers, especially home-based workers, in the Philippines.
The 2023 Dubai World Cup was a horse race  run at Meydan Racecourse in Dubai on 25 March 2023. It was the 27th running of the race. The total prize money for the race is $12 million, with the winner receiving $7.2 million.[1][2]
Silva International Investments is a London-based investment company, founded on 1 May 2015 by Riccardo Silva. The firm manages and invests in assets across multiple sectors, including media, sport, fashion, technology and real estate.
Genemuiden is a city located in the north western part of the Province of Overijssel. It received city rights in 1275, which is also the first time Genemuiden gets mentioned in history.[3]
The United States Post Office and Court House is a courthouse of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Kentucky located in Lexington, Kentucky. Built in 1934, it was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999.[1]
Etta James Sings Funk is the eighth studio album by American Blues artist, Etta James. The album was released on Cadet Records in 1970.

Shahbaz Taseer is a Pakistani businessman, and the son of the former Governor of Punjab (Pakistan) Salman Taseer. In August 2011, following his father's assassination,[1] he was kidnapped by militants in Lahore while he was driving to his office from home. Taseer was held in captivity for around four and a half years and was recovered from Kuchlak, Balochistan on 8 March 2016.[2] Taseer's kidnapping was referred as one of the most high-profile kidnappings in Pakistan by The Guardian.[3] BBC's HARDtalk interviewed Taseer about his days in captivity.[4] In an interview, he mentioned that he was held by Uzbek militants, before eventually being passed to the Taliban.[5]
The German International School of Silicon Valley (GISSV) is a private school educating children from preschool to grade 12 using bilingual full immersion. It has sites in Mountain View and San Francisco in California.[1] Students graduate the school with both the German International Abitur and the California High School Diploma. The school is accredited with the Western Association of Schools (WASC), as well as the California Association of Independent Schools (CAIS) and by the German government (Central Agency for German Schools Abroad, ZfA) as an official German School Abroad (DAS = Deutsche Auslandsschule).
Kenmore station is a light rail station on the MBTA Green Line, located under Kenmore Square in the Fenway/Kenmore neighborhood of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. The station opened on October 23, 1932 as a one-station extension of the Boylston Street subway to relieve congestion in the square. Kenmore is the primary station for passengers wishing to visit Fenway Park, located one block away.
Jean-Claude Viollet (born 9 June 1951 in Ruelle-sur-Touvre, Charente) is a former member of the National Assembly of France.  He represented the Charente department,[1]  from 1997 to 2012 and was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche.
Aderklaa is a town in the district of Gänserndorf in Lower Austria in Austria.
PP-116 Faisalabad-XX (پی پی-116، فیصل آباد-20) is a Constituency of Provincial Assembly of Punjab.[1][2]
Davis Chester Katsonga (born 6 August 1955) is a Malawian politician. He gained the position of defence minister on 1 June 2006 during a cabinet reshuffle. He was the foreign minister from early in 2005 until June 2006. Previously he was the minister of natural resources from June 2004 until early 2005, and before that he was the parliament speaker. He was a member of the Malawian parliament, elected as part of the United Democratic Front from 2004 to 2009.
Xenon octafluoride is a chemical compound of xenon and fluorine with the chemical formula XeF8. This is still a hypothetical compound.[1][2] XeF8 is reported to be unstable even under pressures reaching 200 GPa.[3]
The 2018 Sopot Open was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the 1st edition of the tournament which was part of the 2018 ATP Challenger Tour. It was moved from Sopot, Poland to Gdynia due to a problem with the facilities in Sopot.[1] The tournament was played between 30 July and 5 August 2018.

The National Centre for Independent Living (NCIL) was a non-profit staffed organisation controlled by and run for disabled people active in social care issues to campaign for and support the independent living of disabled people in the community and using personal assistants, as opposed to living in institutions such as care homes and hospitals. It ceased its work in December 2011.
Computer-assisted interventions (CAI) is a field of research and practice, where medical interventions are supported by computer-based tools and methodologies. Examples include:
John Younker Simon (June 25, 1933 – July 8, 2008)[1] was an American Civil War scholar known for editing the papers of Ulysses S. Grant.
The Manufactured Superstars are an electronic dance music DJ/production duo from Denver, Colorado consisting of Bradley Roulier and Shawn Sabo.[1]
Michael Zametkin Hobson (December 8, 1936 – November 12, 2020) was an American publisher who was an executive vice president for Marvel Comics.[1][2]
Monnickendam (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌmɔnɪkənˈdɑm]) is a city in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is a part of the municipality of Waterland, and lies on the coast of the Markermeer, about 8 km (5.0 mi) southeast of Purmerend. It received city rights in 1355 and was damaged by the fires of 1500 and 1513.
The University of Botswana, Lesotho and Swaziland (UBLS) was a predecessor to the universities of the respective countries, presently National University of Lesotho, University of Botswana and University of Eswatini. The University was formerly known as the University of Basutoland, Bechuanaland and Swaziland (UBBS), which had its headquarters in Lesotho between 1964 and 1975. The UBBS had developed from the Pius XII Catholic University College at Roma, which was the product of a long-held desire of the Roman Catholic hierarchy in Southern Africa for an institution of higher learning for Africans.[1]
Maria Parker Taylor Beale (January 30, 1849 – January 21, 1929) was an American author. She published Jack O'Doon: A Novel, a novel about the North Carolina coast, in 1895, and The White Horse In The Tree Top, as well as a number of short stories.
Bryan Herta Autosport is an American auto racing team that competes in the IndyCar Series and the Michelin Pilot Challenge. It is owned by former IndyCar driver Bryan Herta. The team won the 2011 Indianapolis 500 with driver Dan Wheldon.[1]
The Medal of the 30th Anniversary of People's Poland (Polish: Medal 30-lecia Polski Ludowej) is a former civil decoration of Poland established by the Council of State on 7 February 1974 to recognize contribution of working people in development of the country. It was awarded between 7 February 1974 and 31 December 1974.[2] It was disestablished in 1992.[3]
Carlos Capriles Ayala (16 March 1923 – 10 February 2014) is a Venezuelan journalist and historian, and a former Ambassador of Venezuela in Spain during Rafael Caldera's presidency tenure.[3] He is co-founder along with his brother, Miguel Ángel Capriles Ayala, of La Cadena Capriles, Capriles Publications and became Vice-President from 1950 to 1977. Founding editor of the Maracaibo daily Critica (1965–68),[4] el "Vespertino de Maracaibo", news magazines "Elite" and "Momento" and lastly "El Mundo" tabloid.
Linda de Vries (born 4 February 1988) is a Dutch former speed skater. She finished third in the Women's 1500 metres event at the 2012 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships and twice (in 2012 and 2013) fourth at the World All-Round Speed Skating Championships.[1]
Gagananga Yukala, the Prince Bijitprijakara (Thai: คัคณางค์ยุคล; RTGS: Khakkhanang Yukhon) was a prince of Siam (later Thailand). He was a member of Siamese royal family and was a son of King Mongkut and  Phueng Indravimala[1]
Oregon Institute of Occupational Health Sciences is a research institute based at Oregon Health & Science University, in Portland. The Institute's mission is to promote health, and prevent disease and disability among working Oregonians and their families during their employment years and through retirement. It does this through basic and applied research, outreach and education.
Rop Wiang (Thai: รอบเวียง) is a tambon (subdistrict) of Mueang Chiang Rai District, in Chiang Rai Province, Thailand.[1] In 2005, it had a population of 47,992 people. The tambon has seven villages.
The 1987 BCE Canadian Professional Championship was a professional non-ranking snooker tournament, which took place between 2 and 8 August 1987 at the Scarborough Village Theatre in Toronto, Canada.[2][3]
The etch pit density (EPD) is a measure for the quality of semiconductor wafers.[1][2]
Armen Elbakyan (Armenian: Արմեն Էլբակյան, born February 11, 1954) is an Armenian actor, director and producer.
Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Kids is a 2003 Canadian computer-animated television special produced by Nelvana. It serves as the pilot for the show Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends. It aired on Teletoon in Canada and Nick Jr. in the U.S. on March 31, 2003.[1] The special was based on David Kirk's book series of the same name, as well as the Sunny Patch brand of toys that Kirk designed.[2] The special features well-known celebrity voices including US actress Brooke Shields as the voice of Miss Spider, Rick Moranis as the voice of Holley, and Tony Jay as the voice of Spiderus Reeves.
Diane Marie Henderson is an American applied mathematician, specializing in fluid dynamics and mathematical oceanography.[1] Unusually for a mathematics professor, some of her research involves physical experiments with wave tanks, high speed cameras, and oil droplets.[2]
Floralba Krasniqi (born 26 August 1994) is an Albanian football midfielder who currently plays for Union Kleinmünchen in the ÖFB-Frauenliga.[1][2][3]
Barbara Maria Blida, née Szwajnoch (3 December 1949 – 25 April 2007) was a Polish political figure who served in the nation's Parliament (Sejm) for 16 years (1989–2005), including a stint as a member of the cabinet, and whose suicide in the midst of an investigation for corruption became front-page news in Poland as well as in a number of news outlets around the world.
Provençana is a Barcelona Metro station opened on 2 March 2019,[1] operated by TMB. The metro station is located in L'Hospitalet de Llobregat. The station serves line L10 Sud [2][3] and is located between Can Tries | Gornal  and  Foneria stations in the southern part of the metropolitan area. The station is located underneath Carrer de l'Aprestadora.
Podsmreka pri Velikih Laščah (pronounced [pɔtˈsmɾeːka pɾi ˈʋeːlikix ˈlaːʃtʃax]) is a small settlement west of Velike Lašče in central Slovenia. The entire Municipality of Velike Lašče is part of the traditional region of Lower Carniola and is now included in the Central Slovenia Statistical Region.[2]
Prospect Avenue is a major street in Brooklyn, New York.
Chumiętki [xuˈmjɛntki] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krobia, within Gostyń County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.[1] It lies approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) west of Krobia, 12 km (7 mi) south of Gostyń, and 69 km (43 mi) south of the regional capital Poznań.
Boios (Βοῖος), Latinized Boeus, was a Greek grammarian and mythographer, remembered chiefly as the author of a lost work on the transformations of mythic figures into birds, his Ornithogonia[1]. Orthigonia was translated into Latin by Aemilius Macer, a friend of Ovid, who was the author of the most familiar such collections of metamorphoses[2]. In the 2nd century CE, Antoninus Liberalis gave extremely brief summaries of the contents of some of the myths collected in Ornithogonia.
Drop the Debt is the slogan of the late 1990s campaign for international debt cancellation led by the organisation Jubilee 2000.
Šotovento is a municipality in Primorje-Gorski Kotar County on the island of Krk in western Croatia. Part of the town of Krk, it is adjacent to Malinska-Dubašnica.
Wellston is a city in St. Louis County, Missouri, United States, along the northwest border of the city of St. Louis. The population was 2,313 at the 2010 census.[4]
Philip Kirkham "P.K." Allen (born January 3, 1910, in Walpole, Massachusetts,[1] died March 1, 1996, in Westwood, Massachusetts[2]
) was an American educator and politician who represented the 4th Essex District in the Massachusetts Senate from 1947 to 1949 and served as Chairman of the Massachusetts Republican State Committee from 1961 to 1963.
Santiago Eximeno (Madrid, 1973) is a Spanish novelist.
Roger M. Buergel (born 1962) is a writer and curator. He was born in Berlin (West). 
Three Bluejackets and a Blonde (German: Drei blaue Jungs, ein blondes Mädel) is a 1933 German comedy film directed by Carl Boese and starring Charlotte Ander, Heinz Rühmann and Friedrich Benfer.[1] It was shot at the Babelsberg Studios in Berlin. The film's sets were designed by the art director Karl Machus.
Corby Spirit and Wine Limited is a Canadian alcohol manufacturing and distribution company. It was founded in 1859 in Corbyville, Ontario. As of 2008, the company is 46% owned by Pernod Ricard.[2]  The company distills several Canadian specialities, as well as marketing Pernod Ricard's products in Canada. Corby is listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the trading symbols CSW.A and CSW.B.
Aydın Bayramov (born 18 February 1996) is an Azerbaijani professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Sumgayit in the Azerbaijan Premier League.[1]
Hilton Village is an unincorporated community in Fayette County, West Virginia, United States.
John Joseph Casey (May 26, 1875 – May 5, 1929) was a Democratic member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.
Karl-Richard Koßmann (26 June 1896 – 10 June 1969) was a German general during World War II. He was a recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross.
Yosafat Yosyf Fedoryk, O.S.B.M. (Ukrainian: Йосафат Йосиф Федорик; 20 December 1897 – 28 December 1979) was a Ukrainian Greek Catholic clandestine hierarch. He was Exarch of Central Asia from 1959 (from 1964 in rank of bishop) to 1967 and an auxiliary bishop of the Ukrainian Catholic Eparchy of Ivano-Frankivsk from 1967 to 1979.
A uranate is a ternary oxide involving the element uranium in one of the oxidation states 4, 5 or 6. A typical chemical formula is MxUyOz, where M represents a cation. The uranium atom in uranates(VI) has two short collinear U–O bonds and either four or six more next nearest oxygen atoms.[1] The structures are infinite lattice structures with the uranium atoms linked by bridging oxygen atoms. 
Jacqueline (Jackie) Eubanks (1938–1992) was an activist and reference librarian at Brooklyn College who advocated for alternative publishing venues and who spoke out about institutional marginalization and discrimination.[1] Eubanks was an active member of the American Library Association (ALA) and a founding member of the ALA Social Responsibilities Roundtable.[2] As a proponent of alternative press and radical, counter-mainstream publications, Eubanks founded Alternatives in Print (also known as the Alternative Press Index) that served to document books, pamphlets, periodicals, and other materials not easily found in other indices.[2] The initial reception to Alternatives in Print by librarians was mixed and some members of the ALA were bothered by the fact that people outside of the library community helped contribute to the index.[3]
Chha Maana Atha Guntha (Odia: ଛ ମାଣ ଆଠ ଗୁଣ୍ଠ, transl. Six Acres and a Third) is a 19th-century Indian novel in the Odia language by Fakir Mohan Senapati (1843–1918), published in an English language translation by the University of California Press. Written long before Russia's October Revolution, it is the first Indian novel to deal with the exploitation of landless peasants by a feudal Lord in British India. Its author is known as the "Father of Modern Odia Literature".[1][2][3]
Gorisht-Kocul oil field is an Albanian oil field that was discovered in 1966. It is a big on-shore oil field in Albania. The Gorisht-Kocul oil field is located east of the city of Vlorë in southern Albania.[1] Its proven reserves are about 256 million barrels (40.7×10^6 m3). Its produce about 925 barrels per day (147.1 m3/d).[2]
Jelenče (pronounced [jɛˈleːntʃɛ]) is a small settlement in the Municipality of Pesnica in northeastern Slovenia. It lies in the western part of the Slovene Hills (Slovene: Slovenske gorice). The area is part of the traditional region of Styria. The entire municipality is now included in the Drava Statistical Region.[2]
Bobo is a census-designated place and unincorporated community in Coahoma County, Mississippi, United States. Bobo is located on U.S. routes 61 and 278, southwest of Clarksdale.
Newman Haynes Clanton (c. 1816 – August 13, 1881), also known as "Old Man" Clanton, was a cattle rancher and father of four sons, one of whom was killed during the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral. Two of his sons were involved in multiple conflicts in Cochise County, Arizona Territory including stagecoach robbery and cattle rustling. His son Ike Clanton was identified by one witness as a participant in the murder of Morgan Earp.  Billy Clanton and Ike were both present at the Gunfight at the O.K. Corral in which Billy was killed. "Old Man" Clanton was reportedly involved with stealing cattle from Mexican ranchers and re-selling them in the United States. Records indicate he participated in the Skeleton Canyon Massacre of Mexican smugglers. In retaliation, Mexican Rurales are reported to have ambushed and killed him and a crew of Cowboys in the Guadalupe Canyon Massacre.
The 21st Ohio Infantry Regiment was an infantry regiment in the Union Army during the American Civil War. Mostly an all-volunteer unit, with the exception of a few draftees, the 21st Ohio served for both ninety-day and three-year enlistments and fought exclusively in the Western Theater. It saw action in some of the war's bloodiest battles including Stones River, Chickamauga, the Atlanta Campaign, and Sherman's March to the Sea.
Thomas Emil Homerin (19 May 1955 – 26 December 2020) was an American scholar of religion. He was Professor of Religion in the Department of Religion & Classics at the University of Rochester until his death in 2020, where he taught courses on Islam, classical Arabic literature, mysticism, and Mt. Hope Cemetery in Rochester.[1][2]
John Paul Hammerschmidt (May 4, 1922 – April 1, 2015) was an American politician from the state of Arkansas. A Republican, Hammerschmidt served thirteen terms in the United States House of Representatives for Arkansas's 3rd congressional district, located in the northwestern quadrant of the state. He served from 1967 until his retirement in 1993.
Tessenderlo Group is a multinational industrial group that was founded in Tessenderlo, Belgium, in 1919 as Produits Chimiques de Tessenderloo. The group's areas of business include the production, trading and marketing of crop nutrients and crop protection products, animal by-product processing, and industrial services. Tessenderlo Group is traded on the Euronext Brussels stock exchange.
In biology, regeneration is the process of renewal, restoration, and tissue growth that makes genomes, cells, organisms, and ecosystems resilient to natural fluctuations or events that cause disturbance or damage.[1] Every species is capable of regeneration, from bacteria to humans.[2][3] Regeneration can either be complete[4] where the new tissue is the same as the lost tissue,[4] or incomplete[5] after which the necrotic tissue becomes fibrosis.[5]
Glona Labadlabad (née Gollayan) is a Filipino politician currently serving as a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines, representing the 2nd district of Zamboanga del Norte since 2016.
Rose Polenzani (born March 7, 1975, in Waukesha, Wisconsin) is an American folk musician. She was raised in the Chicago area and attended Knox College before leaving to pursue a singing career. She is currently living in Boston, Massachusetts. She plays guitar and, less frequently, piano. Her lyrics often blend obscure images and emotions.
The Helene-Lange-School is a comprehensive school in Wiesbaden, Germany. The school received much media coverage for its pedagogic methods. While proponents of comprehensive schools believe it is one of Germany's best schools,[1] opponents believe it is just a run-of-the-mill-school that serves privileged children who would do just as well attending any other kind of school.[2]
Katie Cook[1] is an American comic artist and writer, currently employed by IDW Publishing. She writes the My Little Pony: Friendship is Magic comic and is also known for her webcomics, Gronk and Nothing Special.
Toyota Motor Hokkaido (TMH) is a manufacturing subsidiary of Toyota established in 1991 and focuses on the production of transmissions and powertrain-related parts.[1] Its headquarters and assembly plant are located in Tomakomai, Hokkaido.[2]
Quartz Mountain is an abandoned post office, ghost town, and mine, located in Nye County, Nevada, United States.[1] Quartz Mountain was a huge interest to more than 15 mining companies in the period between 1926 and 1930. The mines in the area contained high-grade silver and lead ores.[2]

Maria Piechotka (12 July 1920 – 28 November 2020) was a Polish architect and politician who served as a member of the Sejm.[1]
Hanford Mills Museum, also known as Kelso Mill, is a historic grist mill and sawmill and national historic district located at East Meredith, New York in Delaware County, New York. The district contains nine contributing buildings and three contributing structures.  The complex includes both natural and structural facilities.  It includes a mill race from Kortright Creek to the damned up Mill Pond which supplies the waterwheel, a spillway for the pond's overflow, a section of old (1900) New York Central Railroad track, two railroad bridges crossing Kortright Creek, and a variety of buildings.  The main structure is a mill building dating to the 1820s with additions from the 1870s, 1880s, and 1890s. The four story wood-frame structure is approximately 150 feet long and 120 feet high.  Also on the property is a one-story depot building with grain elevator and storage facilities.[2] It is now operated as a museum. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1973.[1]
Baalbeck Studios was a movie-producing company in Lebanon. The company was founded in 1962 by Palestinian businessman Badie Bulos and started operating on 2 January 1963 in the same premises in which the Lebanese Recording Company (LRC) had started operating in 1957.[1][2][3] In the 1960s, it became one of the most prominent movie studios of the Arab world.[1] The offices of the company were located in the Beirut suburb Sin al-Fil.[2]
Taft Airport (FAA LID: L17), also known as Taft-Kern County Airport, is a public airport located one mile (1.6 km) east of Taft, serving Kern County, California, USA. This general aviation airport covers 71 acres (29 ha) and has one runway. It is home to a skydive operation known as Skydive Taft.
The Marinette Micropolitan Statistical Area, as defined by the United States Census Bureau, is an area consisting of two counties – one in Wisconsin and one in Michigan – anchored by the city of Marinette, Wisconsin. As of the 2000 census, the μSA had a population of 68,710 (though a July 1, 2009 estimate placed the population at 65,937).[1]
Live Like We're Alive is the debut studio album from Christian rock band Nevertheless. It was released on September 19, 2006.[6] Two singles were released off the album: "The Real" and "Live Like We're Alive".
Pieter Stoop is a Dutch painter of large abstract paintings.
Taku is a village on Tabiteuea, atoll in Kiribati.[1] There are 151 residents of the village (2017 census). The nearest village is Katabanga to the north.[2] Apart from small breaks, the whole coastline from on the lagoon side is eroding as the result of wave action.
John Bartlett (1784–1849) was a minister and co-founder of McLean Hospital and Massachusetts General Hospital, two of the first hospitals in the United States.
The Senior men's race at the 2019 IAAF World Cross Country Championships was held at the Aarhus in Denmark, on March 30, 2019. Joshua Cheptegei from Uganda won the gold medal by four seconds from fellow countryman Jacob Kiplimo while Kenyan runner, Geoffrey Kamworor finished third. [1]
Turkish State Meteorological Service (Turkish: Devlet Meteoroloji İşleri Genel Müdürlüğü or DMİ) is the Turkish government bureau commissioned with producing the meteorological and climatic data pertaining to Turkey. It is responsible to the Ministry of Environment and Forestry.
Sylwia is a given name. Notable people with the name include:
The Château du Wasigenstein (German: Burg Wasigenstein) is a ruined castle in the commune of Niedersteinbach in the Bas-Rhin département of France.
"Smokie, Part 2" is a 1959 instrumental by Bill Black's Combo.  The single was the first of four entries on the R&B chart and was successful, where it made to number one for four weeks, in early 1960.  "Smokie, Part 2" also hit the top 20 on the pop singles chart.[1]
The Battle for the Gold Pan (also called The DU/CC Rivalry, or known locally as The Gold Pan) is a series played between the Colorado College Tigers and the University of Denver Pioneers hockey teams. 
Nanyang Huizhong (simplified Chinese: 南阳慧忠; traditional Chinese: 南陽慧忠; pinyin: Nányáng Huìzhōng; Japanese: Nan'yō Echū; Korean: Namyang Hyech'ung; Vietnamese: Nam Dương Huệ Trung; 675-775 CE) was a Zen monk during the Tang Dynasty. He is often known by his nickname, National Teacher Zhong (Chinese: 忠国师; pinyin: Zhong Guoshi; Japanese: Chū Kokushi) because he was the personal teacher of the Tang Emperors Suzong and Daizong. Huizhong was born in Zhuji, but left home at a young age to become a monk under a Vinaya teacher. Huzhong lived through the so-called "Zen Golden Age", during which many important developments took place, especially the fracturing of the East Mountain School into the Northern, Southern, and Sichuan schools.  However, the National Teacher avoided associating with any of the various factions.  Indeed, he is purported to have spent forty uninterrupted years practicing Zen on Baiya Mountain's (白崕) Dangzi Valley (黨子) in Nanyang before being summoned by Emperor Suzong in 761.[1] However, he did hold a critical opinion of the Southern School's wholesale denial of sutra-study. He specifically criticized the teaching of Mazu Daoyi, a patriarch of the modern-day Rinzai school, that "Buddha is mind".[2] He is featured in numerous koan collections, including the Blue Cliff Records, The Book of Equanimity, and the Gateless Gate.
Ridgewood High School was a four-year public high school serving residential suburbs in New Port Richey, Florida on the Gulf of Mexico, part of the Pasco County Public School System in Pasco County, Florida. The school was founded on August 22, 1978, as a junior high school with the intent of it becoming the third high school in western Pasco County.
PJ1 TrackBite (formerly known as VHT TrackBite or simply VHT) is a custom formulated synthetic resin, typically black in color, used in drag racing to either increase the traction of a car's tires or as a sealer for newly ground and/or resurfaced race tracks.[1] It stays sticky for weeks, has fire-retardant properties, and is hydrophobic. It has been used in professional racing since 1972.
Open is a 2019 Philippine romance drama film directed by Andoy Ranay starring JC Santos and Arci Muñoz.[1] The film was produced by Black Sheep Productions and T-Rex Entertainment and is distributed by Star Cinema. The film also produced by executive producers[2] Carlo L. Katigbak, Olivia M. Lamasan and Rex A. Tiri. The film is one of the entries for the Pista ng Pelikulang Pilipino 2019.[3] The film was released on September 13, 2019.
Tachikoma (Japanese: タチコマ) are fictional walker robots endowed with artificial intelligence (AI) that are featured in the Ghost in the Shell universe. They appear in the manga created by Masamune Shirow (as Fuchikoma) and in the Stand Alone Complex sub-universe. Nine of them are initially deployed to Section 9.[1] They are spider-like, multi-legged combat vehicles, and are equipped with adaptive artificial intelligence. The spider design appears in other places in Shirow's work such as the Appleseed manga. Shirow is noted to keep numerous spiders as pets.[2]
Oeyo (於江与), Gō (江), Ogō (小督) or Satoko (達子) : 1573 – September 15, 1626) was a prominently-placed female figure in the Azuchi–Momoyama period and early Edo period. She was a daughter of Oichi and the sister of Yodo-dono and Ohatsu. When she rose to higher political status during the Tokugawa shogunate, she took the title of "Ōmidaidokoro". Following the fall of the Council of Five Elders, Oeyo and her sisters were key figures in maintaining a diplomatic relationship between the two most powerful clans of their time, Toyotomi and Tokugawa. Due to her great contributions to politics at the beginning of the Edo period she was posthumously inducted into the Junior First Rank of the Imperial Court, the second highest honor that could be conferred by the Emperor of Japan.
Borne (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈbɔrnə] (listen); Tweants: Boorn) is a municipality and a town in the eastern Netherlands, in the region of Twente. Its inhabitants also have the nickname Melbuul (flour bag in Twentsch).
Komi State Pedagogical Institute (Russian: Коми государственный педагогический институт) is a higher education institution founded on 18 November 1931 to train teachers. Reorganized on 14 February 2013 as a merger with Syktyvkar State University.
Straight Branch is a tributary of South Deepwater Creek in Bates County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
The 1983 Junior League World Series took place from August 16–20 in Taylor, Michigan, United States. Manatí, Puerto Rico defeated Altamonte Springs, Florida in the championship game.
Sit. Stay. Love. is a 2021 Australian Christmas romantic comedy film, directed by Tori Garrett, written by Holly Hester and starring Georgia Flood, Ezekiel Simat, Anthony Phelan, Anna McGahan,  Christine Amor and Kaushik Das.[1] The film was shot during COVID-19 pandemic.[2] The film was released in Australia theatrically on December 2, 2021. [1] Lifetime acquired the film's United States distribution rights, and then aired it on the Lifetime channel on November 11, 2022 under the new title The Dog Days of Christmas.[3]

Matthew of Kraków (c. 1335 – 5 March 1410) was a renowned German-Polish scholar and priest of the fourteenth century.
I Wanna Be a Sailor is a 1937 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies cartoon film directed by Tex Avery.[2] The short was released on September 25, 1937.[3]
Salve Johannessøn Kallevig (1732 – 4 February 1794) was a Norwegian businessperson. He is best known for founding the trading and shipping company Salve Kallevig & Søn in 1792, which was largely expanded by his son Morten Michael Kallevig. The company was passed down through the generations, and existed until 1962.[1]

The Holy Piby, also known as the Black Man's Bible, is a text written by an Anguillan, Robert Athlyi Rogers (d. 1931), for the use of an Afrocentric religion in the West Indies founded by Rogers in the 1920s, known as the Afro-Athlican Constructive Gaathly.[1] The theology outlined in this work saw Ethiopians (in the classical sense of all Africans) as the chosen people of God. The church preached self-reliance and self-determination for Africans, using the Piby as its guiding document.
Civil Defence centres are administration, communication and logistics command centres built in the United Kingdom by the British Government for use in the event of war or serious emergency. During World War II they were often called Air Raid Precautions (ARP) centres. During the Cold War they were also called controls or emergency centres, or popularly nuclear bunkers.
Rangan (Persian: رنگان, also Romanized as Rangan; also known as Rangan)[1] is a village in Mazul Rural District, in the Central District of Nishapur County, Razavi Khorasan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 146, in 38 families.[2]
Jag går i kloster (I enter a monastery)[n 1] is a two-act operetta by Franz Berwald, to a libretto by the composer and Herman Sätherberg.[2]
Yana Kishet (Tatar: Яңа Кишет, Yaña Kişet; Russian: Новый Кишит) is a rural locality (a selo) in Arsky District, Tatarstan. The population was 393 as of 2010.[1]
Jejuri is a series of poems written by Indian poet Arun Kolatkar. Consist of 31 poetic sequence, Jejuri depicts Kolatkar's visit to Jejuri, a city in Pune, which the poet visited in 1964. It was first published in Opinion Literary Quarterly in 1974, and issued in book-form in 1976. Jejuri won the Commonwealth Poetry Prize in 1977.[1]
Biomatrix systems theory claims to be an integrated systems theory. It was developed through an interdisciplinary PhD programme at the University of Cape Town. The aim being to identify generic organising principles of all systems and the differences between social, natural and technological systems. [1]  Biomatrix systems theory can be depicted graphically through different combinations of symbols, referred to as the Biomatrix graphic alphabet. It includes various arrows, symbols for their continuity, symbols for the forces of organisation and a shape denoting a field.  Biomatrix systems theory focuses on processes as systems in their own right (referred to as activity systems), and the emergence from the interaction of activity systems, giving rise to larger (entity) systems. The Biomatrix is therefore a process-based systems model as opposed to a structure-based one.[2]
A massive dust storm took place in Tehran on June 2, 2014 at 4:50pm (local time). 5 men were killed, more than 30 people were injured, and a few cars were destroyed. Falling trees and objects and balconies disconnected 65 of 1200 electric 20 KW lines.[1][2][3]
Lev Natochenny (Russian: Лев Наточенный) (born January 26, 1950) is a Russian-American classical pianist and professor of piano.
Country Home is a country lifestyle magazine, published by Meredith Corporation. The magazine features decorating and collecting, food and entertaining, fashion and well-being, travel and shopping.[1] Country Home provides ideas and inspiration for readers who live a country lifestyle, or aspire to create one, in city lofts, farmhouses, suburban colonials, getaway cottages. Country Home, which was launched in 1984, was published 10 times a year[1] and each issue has over 8.3 million readers.[2] LuAnn Brandsen and Carol Sheehan served as the editors-in-chief of the magazine.[1]
Soongsil University (SSU) is the first modern university in Korea, dating its history back to 1897. It was founded under the Christian missionary William M. Baird. The campus is located in 369 Sangdo-ro, Dongjak-gu, Seoul, South Korea.
Borowa [bɔˈrɔva] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Miedźno, within Kłobuck County, Silesian Voivodeship, in southern Poland.[1] It lies approximately 12 kilometres (7 mi) north-east of Kłobuck and 85 km (53 mi) north of the regional capital Katowice.
Stephanie Woodling (born in Allentown, Pennsylvania) is an American lyric mezzo-soprano, currently engaged by Deutsche Oper am Rhein, where she has performed the roles of Dorabella, Hänsel, Giulietta, Siébel, Annio (La Clemenza di Tito), Wellgunde (Das Rheingold), Kristina (Věc Makropulos), Die zweite Dame (Die Zauberflöte), Tessa (The Gondoliers), and Antonia (Tiefland). She debuted with the company in 2004 as Die zweite Magd in their new production of Elektra.
Bonnieville is a home rule-class city in Hart County, Kentucky, in the United States. The population was 255 at the 2010 census.
Linnanmaa is a district of the Kaijonharju area of Oulu, Finland. The district is located about five kilometers north of the city centre.[2]
Antar Djemaouni (Arabic: عنتر جمعوني; born August 29, 1987) is an Algerian football player. He is currently playing for AS Khroub.
The FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin has been published monthly since 1932 by the FBI Law Enforcement Communication Unit,[1] with articles of interest to state and local law enforcement personnel.  First published in 1932 as Fugitives Wanted by Police,[2] the FBI Law Enforcement Bulletin covers topics including law enforcement technology and issues, such as crime mapping and use of force, as well as recent criminal justice research, and VICAP alerts, on wanted suspects and key cases.
An electronic mixer is a device that combines two or more electrical or electronic signals into one or two composite output signals. There are two basic circuits that both use the term mixer, but they are very different types of circuits: additive mixers and multiplicative mixers. Additive mixers are also known as analog adders to distinguish from the related digital adder circuits.
Seurasaari (Swedish: Fölisön) is an island and a district in Helsinki, Finland, known mostly as the location of the Seurasaari Open-Air Museum, which consists of old, mainly wooden buildings transplanted from elsewhere in Finland and placed in the dense forest landscape of the island.
Laurent Petit (born 22 June 1963) is a French chef, three stars at the Guide Michelin and established in Annecy.[1]
WZPN (101.1 FM, "Peoria Sports Radio") is a radio station for Glasford, Illinois in the Peoria, Illinois radio market.  From September 26, 2010 to June 6, 2018 the station aired the adult hits format Jack FM, before becoming an affiliate of ESPN Radio, then shifting to Fox Sports Radio on June 1, 2023.
Charter Air Transport is a certified part 135 air taxi provider based in Cleveland, OH at Burke Lakefront Airport. The airline is licensed by the Department of Transportation to provide privately arranged flights and in addition scheduled public flights. Cleveland's Business Aircraft Group is the parent company of Charter Air Transport.[2]
A force-free magnetic field is a magnetic field in which the Lorentz force is equal to zero and the magnetic pressure greatly exceeds the plasma pressure such that non-magnetic forces can be neglected. For a force-free field, the electric current density is either zero or parallel to the magnetic field.
Oberelz is an Ortsgemeinde – a municipality belonging to a Verbandsgemeinde, a kind of collective municipality – in the Vulkaneifel district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. It belongs to the Verbandsgemeinde of Kelberg, whose seat is in the like-named municipality.
 visual artist and writer
The canton of Marly is an administrative division of the Nord department, northern France. It was created at the French canton reorganisation which came into effect in March 2015. Its seat is in Marly.[1]
Selling the OC is an American reality television series created for Netflix by Adam DiVello. As a spin-off series of Selling Sunset, it revolves around the Oppenheim Group, a high-end real estate brokerage firm in the Orange County, California area (with offices in West Hollywood and Newport Beach), and follows a group of agents as they navigate their personal and professional lives.[1][2][3] The first season premiered with eight episodes on August 24, 2022.[4] The show was renewed for a second and third season on January 18, 2023.[5]
Flatwood is an unincorporated community in Shannon County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.[1]
The 2019–20 Serie A1 is the 101st season of the Serie A1, Italy's premier Water polo league.[1]
KXCA (1050 AM) is a radio station broadcasting an Urban Adult Contemporary format. Licensed to Lawton, Oklahoma, United States, the station serves the Lawton area. The station is currently owned by Mollman Media, Inc.[1][2]  Studios and transmitter are located on Flower Mound Road in eastern Lawton.
Göschenen railway station is a railway station in the Swiss canton of Uri and municipality of Göschenen. Situated on the original line of the Gotthard railway, at the northern mouth of the Gotthard Tunnel, the station is also the junction point with the Schöllenenbahn. Most trains on the Gotthard route now use the Gotthard Base Tunnel and do not pass through Göschenen station.[1][4]
Romualdas Krikščiūnas (18 June 1930 in Kaunas, Lithuania – 2 November 2010) was the apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Panevėžys, Lithuania. He was ordained in 1954 and became bishop in 1966.[1]
Joseph Wengier (Hebrew: יוסף ונגר; born 1954) is an Israeli paralympic swimming champion. He competed at the 1972, 1976, 1980, and 1984, and 1988 Summer Paralympics.[19]
Gromadzyń [ɡrɔˈmad͡zɨɲ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Prochowice, within Legnica County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship, in south-western Poland.[1]
Gervan (Persian: گروان, also Romanized as Gervān and Garrevān)[1] is a village in Beyza Rural District, Beyza District, Sepidan County, Fars Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 205, in 50 families.[2]
The Cushing Hotel is a historic hotel in Afton, Minnesota, United States, established in 1867 to cater to railroad workers, lumbermen, and travelers.[2]  The hotel was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1985 for having local significance in the theme of commerce.[3] It was nominated for exemplifying the commercial lodging common to mid-19th-century river towns.[4]  It remains in business as the Afton House Inn.[5]
Octopath Traveler: Champions of the Continent[a] is a role-playing video game developed by Square Enix and Acquire and published by Square Enix. The game, which serves as a prequel to the original Octopath Traveler, was released in October 2020 in Japan for Android and iOS, and in the West in July 2022.
Eureka Seven, known in Japan as Psalms of Planets Eureka seveN (Japanese: 交響詩篇エウレカセブン, Hepburn: Kōkyōshihen Eureka Sebun, lit. "Symphonic Psalms Eureka Seven"), is a 2005 Japanese anime series created by Bones. The series was directed by Tomoki Kyoda, with series composition by Dai Satō, character designs by Kenichi Yoshida and music by Naoki Satō. Eureka Seven tells the story of Renton Thurston and the outlaw group Gekkostate, his relationship with the enigmatic mecha pilot Eureka, and the mystery of the Coralians. The fifty-episode series aired in Japan on MBS between April 2005 and April 2006. It was licensed by Funimation in North America, Madman Entertainment in Australia and New Zealand and by Anime Limited in the United Kingdom for English home video releases.
Baron Jacques Félix Emmanuel Hamelin (13 October 1768 – 23 April 1839) was a rear admiral of the French navy and later a Baron. He commanded numerous naval expeditions and battles with the Royal Navy as well as exploratory voyages in the Indian Ocean and the South Seas.
Beneath the Lion's Gaze is a 2010 novel by Ethiopian-American writer Maaza Mengiste. It describes a family in Addis Ababa in 1974, living through the transition from emperor Haile Selassie to rule by the Derg. Favorably reviewed, Beneath the Lion's Gaze was a nominee for several prizes.
Parviz Aboutaleb (1942 – 9 June 2020) was an Iranian football player and manager. He was born in Tehran, Iran. Aboutaleb died of complications of Alzheimer's disease on June 9, 2020.[1] Parviz will be buried in Tehran's Behesht Zahra Cemetery.[2]
Narena is a small town and commune in the Cercle of Kangaba in the Koulikoro Region of south-western Mali. As of 1998 the commune had a population of 8275.[1]
Hayden James Lockhart (born June 16, 1938) is a retired United States Air Force officer who is best known for being the first U.S. Air Force pilot to be shot down in North Vietnam.[1]
The wildlife of Botswana refers to the flora and fauna of this country. Botswana is around 90% covered in savanna, varying from shrub savanna in the southwest in the dry areas to tree savanna consisting of trees and grass in the wetter areas.[1] Even under the hot conditions of the Kalahari Desert, many species survive; in fact the country has more than 2500 species of plants and 650 species of trees.[2] Vegetation and its wild fruits are also extremely important to rural populations living in the desert and are the principal source of food, fuel and medicine for many inhabitants.[3]
Look Mom No Head!  is the fifth studio album and the 10th album overall by the American rock band the Cramps. It was released in November 1991 by Restless/Enigma, and licensed to Ace Records under Big Beat in the UK. It was recorded and mixed by Steve McMillan at Ocean Way Studios in Hollywood between June 21 and July 14, 1991.[1] It was self-produced by Cramps guitarist Poison Ivy. Iggy Pop guested on the track "Miniskirt Blues", which was originally recorded by the Flower Children in 1967.
Cigarettes & Coffee is a 1993 short film written and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson and starring Philip Baker Hall. It tells the story of five people connected through a $20 bill. Anderson later used it as a basis for his directorial debut film Hard Eight.
  Evangelista Analco  (or San Juan Evangelista Analco) is a town and municipality in Oaxaca in south-western Mexico. The municipality covers an area of 33.17 km². It is part of the Ixtlán District in the Sierra Norte de Oaxaca region.
Pauline Heinz (born 1 May 2001)[1] is a field hockey player from Germany, who plays as a midfielder.[2]
The Palmiet Pumped Storage Scheme consists of two 200 megawatts (270,000 hp) turbine units located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) upstream of the Kogelberg Dam on the Palmiet River near Cape Town, South Africa.[1] The pumped-storage hydroelectricity plant is capable of responding to a surge in peak power demand in minutes.[2]  At night, excess power on the grid generated by conventional coal and nuclear plants is used to pump water to the upper Rockview Dam overlooking Gordon's Bay.
The Cheam Indian Band (Halkomelem: Xwchí:yò:m)[1] is a First Nations band government of the Stó:lō people in the Upper Fraser Valley region of British Columbia, Canada, located near the community of Rosedale.[2]  They traditionally speak the Upriver dialect of Halkomelem, one of the Salishan family of languages. The name Cheam means "wild strawberry place" and is the namesake of Mount Cheam, which overlooks the community and most of the Upper Fraser Valley.  They are a member government of the Sto:lo Tribal Council, one of two Sto:lo tribal councils.

The National Committee of the Chinese Defense Industry, Postal and Telecommunications Workers’ Union is a national industrial union of the All-China Federation of Trade Unions in the People's Republic of China.
The Little Two Hearted River is a 23.9-mile-long (38.5 km) river located entirely within Luce County in the U.S. state of Michigan.[1][2]  The river rises from its source at Little Two Hearted Lakes  in Lake Superior State Forest and flows north into Lake Superior about 4.0 miles (6.4 km) east of the Two Hearted River.
Luohe railway station (Chinese: 漯河站) is a station in Yuanhui District, Luohe, Henan. The station is located on Beijing–Guangzhou railway and Mengmiao–Baofeng railway, and serves as the western terminus of Luohe–Fuyang railway.
Under the Influences is the second album by the American musician Mike Ness, released in 1999.[3][4] It is a compilation of country, rock, and folk covers, issued the same year as his first solo effort, Cheating at Solitaire.[5][6]
Ernst Bach (10 May 1876 – 1 November 1929) was an Austrian actor and playwright. He made his debut as an actor at the Raimund Theater in Vienna in 1899. In 1903 he moved to Berlin to the Residenz-Theater [de], then to the Lustspielhaus [de] in 1905, where he became Regisseur in 1906 and in 1908 Oberregisseur. 
Leonard Michael Greene (June 8, 1918 – November 30, 2006) was an American inventor and aerodynamics engineer who held more than 200 patents, many of which are aviation-related. He is most well known for his contributions to aviation technology, including his invention, the Aircraft Stall Warning device, which warns pilots when a deadly aerodynamic stall is imminent. To build the device, Greene established the Safe Flight Instrument Corporation in 1946.
Anisopoikilocytosis is a medical condition illustrated by a variance in size (anisocytosis) and shape (poikilocytosis) of a red blood cell. The underlying cause can be attributed to various anemias, most often; beta thalassemia major, a form of microcytic anemia.[1] In β thalassemia major the beta hemoglobin chain is completely absent, rendering an increase in fetal hemoglobin (HbF).[2]
Łupki [ˈwupki] (German: Lupken)[1] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Pisz, within Pisz County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[2] It lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) north-east of Pisz and 92 km (57 mi) east of the regional capital Olsztyn.
Horný Kalník (Hungarian: Felsőkálnok) is a village and municipality in Martin District in the Žilina Region of northern Slovakia.
Jordan Renson (born 14 May 1996) is a Belgian footballer who currently plays for Patro Eisden.
The 1957 Gent–Wevelgem was the 19th edition of the Gent–Wevelgem cycle race and was held on 23 March 1957. The race started in Ghent and finished in Wevelgem. The race was won by Rik Van Looy.
God, No! Signs You May Already Be An Atheist and Other Magical Tales is a book by illusionist and comedian Penn Jillette.  Described as an atheist bible of sorts by reviewers, the book includes an atheist's take on the 10 commandments. Jillette also tells of his childhood growing up in Greenfield, Massachusetts as well as his current life in Las Vegas.[1][2]
Nova Soure is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.[2][3][4][5]
The Mermaid Series was a major collection of reprints of texts from English Elizabethan, Jacobean and Restoration drama. It was launched in 1887 by the British publisher Henry Vizetelly and under the general editorship of Havelock Ellis.[1] Around 1894 the series was taken over by the London firm of T. Fisher Unwin. Many well-known literary figures edited or introduced the texts. Some of the plays published had not been reprinted in recent editions, and most had dropped out of the stage repertoire.
"Deutschösterreich, du herrliches Land" (German for "German Austria, you wonderful country") was the national anthem of Austria from 1920 to 1929. Although it was used as the national anthem, it did not enjoy any official status. It is now used as the anthem of the President of Austria and the Austrian Armed Forces due to its references to defend the Austrian homeland.
Cohl Furey, also known as Nicohl Furey,[1] is a Canadian mathematical physicist.[2][3]
Testimony is a novel by Anita Shreve first published in 2008. The novel describes an unfolding sex scandal at a Massachusetts prep school.
Three-cushion billiards, also called three-cushion carom, is a form of carom billiards. The object of the game is to carom the cue ball off both object balls while contacting the rail cushions at least three times before contacting the second object ball. A point is scored for each successful carom. In most shots the cue ball hits the object balls one time each, although hitting them any number of times is allowed as long as both are hit. The cue ball may contact the cushions before or after hitting the first object ball. It does not have to contact three different cushions as long as it has been in contact with any cushion at least three times in total.
Marcell Deák-Nagy (born 28 January 1992) is a Hungarian sprinter who specialises in the 200 and 400 metres.
Jumana Ghunaimat (Arabic: جمانة غنيمات; born 4 December 1973) is a Jordanian journalist and media figure, and is the former Minister of State for Media Affairs and Government Spokesperson in Prime Minister Omar Al-Razzaz's cabinet on 14 June 2018.[1][2] She currently occupies the position of Jordan's ambassador to Morocco.[3]
"This Time" is a song by British singer-songwriter Dina Carroll, released on 15 February 1993 as the fourth single from her debut album, So Close (1993). The song features strings by the New York Philharmonic Orchestra and peaked at number 23 on the UK Singles Chart. On the Eurochart Hot 100, it went to number 78. 
Francisco Mariano Quiñones (1830 – September 13, 1908) was a proponent of the abolition of slavery and of the self-determination of Puerto Rico.
eSvn is a free and open source Subversion client which is released under the GPLv2 License. It provides an interface to perform the most common revision control operations as a standalone GUI. It is written with the Qt GUI toolkit.
Espirdo is a municipality located in the province of Segovia, Castile and León, Spain. According to the 2004 census (INE), the municipality had a population of 372 inhabitants.
Santo Daime ([ˈsɐ̃tu ˈdajmi]) is a syncretic religion founded in the 1930s in the Brazilian Amazonian state of Acre by Raimundo Irineu Serra,[1] known as Mestre Irineu. Santo Daime incorporates elements of several religious or spiritual traditions including Folk Catholicism, Kardecist Spiritism, African animism and indigenous South American shamanism, including vegetalismo.
The Six Paths[1] in Buddhist cosmology[2] are the six worlds where sentient beings are reincarnated based on their karma, which is linked to their actions in previous lives. These paths are depicted in the Bhavacakra ("wheel of existence").[3] The six paths are:[4]

Fluvial processes have made streams, stream beds, and river valleys which have various classifications.
The Constitution of Venezuela of 1858 was a constitution approved by the National Convention of Valencia on January 14, 1858 and promulgated by President Julián Castro, after the overthrow of the dictatorship of José Tadeo Monagas. This new Constitution granted more autonomy to the Provinces, the election of the president, vice-president and other officials by universal, direct and secret voting. It established presidential terms of 5 years.
Ítalo Eduardo Diniz Barros, (ca. 1985  – November 13, 2015), a Brazilian press officer who was employed by Mayor Marcel Curio in Governador Nunes Freire, Oeste Maranhense, Maranhão state, Northeast Region, Brazil, was known for blogging on his own website, Italodiniz.com, about local politicians and their alleged wrongdoings.[1]
Lutz Wagner (born May 27, 1963) is a former German football referee. He now serves as a member of the Amateurs Referee Committee in the German Football Association.[1]

Buckthorns (Rhamnus species) are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of Lepidoptera species, including:
Kalevi is a village in Rapla Parish, Rapla County in northwestern Estonia.[1]
Emmanuel Bonne (French: [emanɥɛl bɔn]; born 13 August 1970)[1] is a French career diplomat who has served as diplomatic advisor to the President of France since 2019.[2][note 1] During his tenure under Emmanuel Macron he has been playing a role in various matters such as the 45th G7 summit, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, negotiations following the incarceration of Fariba Adelkhah and Roland Marchal in Iran, Nord Stream 2 and the AUKUS pact,[3][4][5][6] as well as in bilateral relations with various countries.[7][8][9][10] A former ambassador, Bonne is a former political scientist specializing in issues of the Middle East.[1]
Rougatsiarikos (Greek: ρουγκατσιάρικος) is a kind of a Greek traditional dance from Thessaly, Greece.
Monasterace (Calabrian Greek: Monaseraci; Greek: Μοναστηράκιον, romanized: Monastērákion, lit. 'little monastery') is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of Catanzaro and about 90 kilometres (56 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria. The ruins of the ancient Greek city Caulonia are located a short distance north of the frazione Monasterace Marina, on the coast. Also north of Monasterace Marina is the Monasterace Archeological Museum, where finds from Caulonia are exhibited.
Ghetto Millionaire is the debut album by American rapper Royal Flush, released on August 19, 1997, through TVT Records. The album featured various contributors, including prominent hip-hop producers Da Beatminerz, L.E.S., Buckwild and Hi-Tek.[2][3]
Far East University is located in Gamgok-myeon, Eumseong County, North Chungcheong province, South Korea. It was founded in 1998 by Dr. Taek-hee Lyu. The school flower is the chrysanthemum.
Gogo Nushi (February 15, 1913 – December 4, 1970) was an Albanian political figure who served in a number of positions in Albania during its socialist period.[1]
Takayanagi (高柳町, Takayanagi-machi) was a town located in Kariwa District, Niigata Prefecture, Japan.
Frank Davenport (March 19, 1912 – January 5, 1995) was an American Republican Party politician who served as the Sheriff of Passaic County, New Jersey and served one term in the New Jersey Senate.
Dennis Joe Quinn (March 12, 1917–February 2, 1971) was a U.S. actor who appeared in  Pretty Maids All in a Row as a board member and The Strawberry Statement as Professor. He also appeared on the television shows Dragnet, The Walter Winchell File 1957 episode "The Law and Aaron Benjamin"  and Perry Mason. He died of emphysema on May 20, 1974.
Shantal Munro-Knight is a Barbadian politician. She is also a senator in the Senate of Barbados.[1] She serves as a Minister in the Prime Minister's Office of Barbados.[2]
London Baroque is a chamber orchestra formed in 1978 by Charles Medlam and Ingrid Seifert.[1] Its members are Ingrid Seifert and Richard Gwilt (violins), Charles Medlam (cello & viola da gamba) and Steven Devine (harpsichord and organ).[2] Its repertoire ranges from the late 16th up to late 18th century.
Morteza Kashi (born May 4, 1981) is an Iranian football player who plays in the defender position. He is currently a member of the Iran's Premier League football club, Saba Qom.
Browina [brɔˈvina] (German: Browienen; 1938–45: Froben) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kozłowo, within Nidzica County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.[1]
College des Garçons  is a college in Nouakchott, Mauritania. It is located opposite (west) to the Lycée d'Arabe and east of the National Guard complex.[citation needed]
Pleasantville is an unincorporated community in Oley Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located at the junction of Pennsylvania Route 73 and Covered Bridge Road, a short distance from Manatawny. Important places in Pleasantville include the Pleasantville Park, Pleasantville Covered Bridge, and Pleasantville Evangelical Church.
This is a list of organizations involved in the United States abortion-rights movement (also called the pro-choice movement). The movement consists of a variety of organizations, with no single centralized decision-making body.[1]
Mark Semioli (born March 20, 1968 in Brooklyn, New York) is a retired American soccer defender who played six seasons in Major Soccer League, four in American Professional Soccer League and three in USISL.  He won the 1994 U.S. Open Cup with the San Francisco Greek-Americans.
Al-Shamasiyah Governorate is one of the governorates of the Al-Qassim region in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and it is the eastern front of Al-Qassim. The governorate is famous for its cultivation, especially palm trees, and is considered a tourist destination for residents and visitors to the area in the spring.
Despite a long-held belief in pre-modern China that women lacked literary talent, women's works – particularly poetry – did win a degree of respect within Chinese literature during the Imperial period. During the first half of the 20th century, writing by women reflected feminist ideas and the political upheavals of the time. Women writers conveyed expression from a feminine perspective, as opposed to man writers who conveyed expressions from a masculine perspective.

Charles Osborne, MP (1760 – 5 September 1817), was an Irish politician and judge.
The Arizona Department of Public Safety (AZDPS) is a state-level law enforcement agency with a primary function of patrolling and enforcing state laws on Arizona highways.[5] Their headquarters are in Phoenix.[6]
Edson Marshall Hemingway (May 8, 1893 – July 5, 1969) was a professional baseball player. He was a catcher over parts of three seasons (1914, 1917–18) with the St. Louis Browns, New York Giants and Philadelphia Phillies. For his career, he compiled a .225 batting average in 138 at-bats, with 13 runs batted in.
United Tote is an American company that provides totalizator equipment and services for parimutuel wagering at racetracks. It is owned by Churchill Downs, Inc.
Haziganj (Bengali: হাজীগঞ্জ) or Hajiganj is an upazila of Chandpur District[1] in the Division of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Smilowitz is the German name for the town of Smilovice (Frýdek-Místek District), in the Czech Republic. It is also a surname. Notable people with the surname include:
The Men's team foil event of the 2015 World Fencing Championships was held on 18–19 July 2015.
WYBX (88.3 FM) is a radio station broadcasting a Conservative Christian format. Licensed to Key West, Florida, United States, the station serves the Florida Keys area. The station is owned by Bible Broadcasting Network, Inc.[1]
Fushiga is a genre of ukiyo-e woodblock prints depicting satirical pictures accompaniyed with text. Fushiga prints usually depicted ordinary people in their everyday activities, with their exclamations written next to them, and not celebrities or famous landscapes. Fushiga relied more on text than on the image, and because of that was "virtually ignored by Western critics of the print".[1]
The Morgan–Manning House is a historic house located in Brockport, Monroe County, New York.  It was built in 1854 and is a two-story, Italianate–style brick dwelling on a limestone foundation.  The five-by-four-bay main block features a hipped roof and cupola. It has a two-story hipped roof wing with a smaller two-story brick appendage creating a stepped, or telescoping, plan or profile.  The house also has a full width porch with brick piers. The interior features elaborate interior woodwork, period plasterwork, stained glass and decorated ceilings. Also on the property is a contributing carriage house.[2]
General elections were held in Uruguay on 28 November 1971, alongside a double referendum.[1] The result was a victory for the Colorado Party, which won the presidency and the most seats in the Chamber of Deputies and Senate.
En fallit ("The Bankrupt")[1] is a play by Norwegian playwright Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson that was published in 1875 in Copenhagen. The play was partially written in Rome, and has a theme that was new for the Scandinavians, because the dramatist had to deal with tragicomedy of money, and, while making a forcible plea for honesty to contrive to produce a stirring and entertaining play on what might seem so prosaic a foundation as business finance. The play was actually first performed in a Swedish translation, at Stockholm, a few days before it was produced at Christiania. After that the play also reached Berlin, Munich, Vienna, and other German and Austrian theaters. It was played in Paris, at the Théâtre Libre in 1894. 
Rosijevići  is a village in the municipality of Goražde, Bosnia and Herzegovina.[1]
Fjällsätern is a minor mountain in southern Uddevalla, Sweden. Its summit reaches 105.9 metres (347 ft) above sea level according to one 1950 estimate (an earlier one from 1903 put it at 300 Swedish feet),[2] making it the area's second highest.[1] There the local politician and publicist Ture Malmgren (1851–1922) began building his grand Tureborg Castle, today a ruin, in 1899. Along its slopes Malmgren constructed several other structures, among them the likewise faux-medieval summer residence Fjällhyddan, and his own would-be tomb.[3] The area was once completely barren, but Malmgren – who was engaged in the tree-planting movement of that time – promised his wife Hilma that she would one day be able to walk beneath trees on Fjällsätern, and set about planting the thick forest of today.[4] A nature reserve named after him, Ture Valleys, is situated on the mountain's eastern side.
Wayne P. Stevens (1944 - 1993) was an American software engineer, consultant, author, pioneer, and advocate of the practical application of software methods and tools.[1]
The Sacred Heart Catholic Church in Alturas, California is a historic church at 507 E. 4th Street.  It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.[1]
"Beautiful Surprise" is a song by Canadian recording artist Tamia. It was written by Claude Kelly, Salaam Remi and the singer herself for her same-titled fifth album (2012), while production was overseen by Remi. The last song to be recorded for Beautiful Surprise, the R&B song has a breezy mid-tempo groove that is structured around a smooth synth. Lyrically, the song is an ode to her family, husband Grant Hill and her two daughters Myla and Lael, on which she sings about how happy she is to have experienced an unexpected but fulfilling love with a man.
